3 ||| Ok, I thought that all webcams did the same thing: u and ur friend on the other side of the world both are connected to the internet and have your webcams connected and can talk to each other live and see each other in a live video chat, at the same time, but according to the reviews it seems like all these things do are take pictures and take video clips which u can then send to ur friends. I don't need a video clip! I want a live video chat!!! do any of these actually do that!?!?!?
4 ||| Malamud does three or four tricks in his fiction well, and here he does each one to utter perfection. And when taken together, this collection of stories almost transcends Malamud's normal limits: the stories are compressed, short, and below the surface, charged with almost unbearable tension. Unlike other collections of stories (or when you read too many Malamud stories) Malamud does not parody himself in the Magic Barrell. Everything is where it is supposed to be, and works like a well oiled machine. It is a shame that (as of writing this) only eight people have reviewed this masterpiece of a short story collection. In Roth's The Ghost Writer, Zuckerman explains that the world's morality has already passed by the E.I. Lonoff's (a character based on Malamud). Seems Roth was correct... and this is true even more today, thirty years after the publication of The Ghost Writer. We no longer live in Malamud's world, and it is a shame.
0 ||| I'm a big fan of the car chase/road trip cult films from the 1970's, so I thought this film would be worth checking out. I wasn't expecting anything Oscar-worthy or mind-blowing from the script, the dialogue or the plotline, but I was hoping for some decent car chases and/or crashes. I got neither. 'Cannonball Run II' was more enjoyable than this, and HB Halicki's films had better acting and dialogue than this puppy did.It's only worth seeing to cross off the list. I highly doubt anybody would go back for a second viewing. I sure won't.
4 ||| I watched this great Disney movie as a child and was hooked ever since! The screwball antics of these church ladies is shocking and funny! "Roll Out The Barrel!"
3 ||| Excellent book for beginners to get an idea of how to approach the skills needed to paraglide.
4 ||| Cornwell's work never stops amazing me. One would think - a battle is a battle. However, this author pulls you on the ship, down into the hold, on the deck, up the tall sails, and into the arms of a lover. He fills the reader with knowledge of the times we would otherwise never possess.
3 ||| DAWN(actually the whole Cutler series) was one of the weakest novels by the author, which I attribute to the ghost writer's "settling into the original author's style". Many events that took place in the book were exactly the same as those in HEAVEN and FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC. I would _not_ recommend DAWN to someone who has never read any of V.C. Andrews novels. However, the novel still had enough originality to keep die hard Andrews fans interested, as well as regular fans. Overall, DAWN had some disappointments, yet the book is still worth a good day's read.
3 ||| When I first saw this movie, I thought it was pretty good. Then I saw Braveheart and realized that Gladiator didn't have one original bone in its body. The one-liners are extremely corny, the storyline is nothing new, and there is noooo way that it deserved best picture. Despite the extent to which it was overrated, it is still a very cool movie. Cool - no more - no less.
4 ||| Helena Bonham Carter is nothing short of brilliant. In my opinion, the lavish sets and the gorgeous costumes alone made this movie worth watching. However, all the characters were well-developed to the extent that your heart was also broken at the end along with the players. Most intriquing story, a different take on the love triangle. Carter conveys the raw emotions so powerfully, her presence so important to the film. I wish she was not overlooked by the Academy. She is a remarkable actress to be sure.
0 ||| Please stop making these movies so us poor men don't have to suffer anymore. Or, add some Nazis to it for interest.
0 ||| Living Wicca, A Further Guide For The Solitary Practioner, by Scott Cunningham is the best book I've read on the Craft. I was just beggining to step out onto my path and I read this book... Man it had a great impact on my life! I wish that he could be here so I could thank him, but I'm sure he knows. I thank him for writing this book and I thank the Goddess and God for inspiring him to do many writing in his short lifetime in this incarnation.Blessed Be
4 ||| Just saw that there is an old movie, with Pat Boone, made from this book.Don't know how the movie will be yet. However, I like to give good reviews for books that deserve them and many years after having read this one - which I had virtually forgotten til today - I still see it as one of the most profound witnesses to what a life in Messiah should reflect. Amazing story. It will bless you and humble you.
0 ||| This was recommended by some famous people as a "must read" for serious investors. The people who rant and rave about how great this book is must have only read the inside jacket. There is 160 pages on the Alchymists alone, which like most of the book, could have been summed up in a third of the space. This book is so stretched out it's ridiculous, I'm willing to bet 90% of those who attempt to read it never finish. I'm warning you now, as an avid reader of financial books, this is one of the slowest reads you will ever encounter.......ugh.
3 ||| I like the illustrations that came with the book. It is just as I expected based on the numerous movies based on the book.
4 ||| This video stands true to its name. Thanks to Chris Farley's incredible talent, this is my favorite SNL DVD. Granted, Chris Farley was one of the funniest comiedians ever to appear on SNL. From motivational speaker Matt Foley, to commentator Bennet Brower, this DVD induces one hard laugh after another. So, I reccomend you by this DVD RIGHT NOW. You will laugh until you wet yourself.
0 ||| Someone gave me this book--why, I'll never know. I liked Queen a lot once. Do the remaining members know a supremely bad poet has written a tedious book about them? Someone should let them know.The writer seems to be one of those guys who obsessively remembers stuff about marginal subjects and likes to spout that info. But then he hit on the perfect career path--a poet! So now he can footnote bad poetry with obscure references and call it a book.
1 ||| I've read them all, and in order, I've always bought the Hardbacks. However, the quality of the stories and the writing has been deteriorating. Tom, it's not quantity (op center series that you didn't write, I hope) its quality!!! R-6 so far has just barely kept my interest, but because I'm a big fan I will read the rest and post a more complete review. Until then Take your time, stories about simple yet interesting plots and simple people can be just as captivating as crashing a 747 into the state of the union speech, or some billionaire trying to wipe out the world.
0 ||| I think the biggest problem with this book is that it was published and edited by his parents. I admit I thought it was pretty bad, in fact it was some of the worst fantasy I have ever read. When a real editer would have helped this very weak writing come up to snuff, instead his parents went along with him.
1 ||| Based on the first week of use, I have to say I'm disappointed. There are 2 problem areas - first, the adjustment screw for the flame doesn't work right; second, the valve for refilling the lighter with butane seems to leak badly. Maybe I'm just not doing it right, but I've tried to figure out a way to refill & just seem to keep getting leaks. Also, I can't tell how much butane is getting in - probably not much since the lighter doesn't keep the flame for long.
1 ||| it looks like alot of songs are missing....Native New Yorker...too. Like buying soundtracks as you get a great compilation of songs...not here though.
0 ||| How to take a facinating subject and make it seem deadly dull. I suggest that you movies online, get 'em and watch 'em. If you like faux academia, then this is the text book you will want.
4 ||| I have to say that this CD is a masterpiece. The first song "Right Off" is really great, Miles does rock n' roll and jazz (like Miles jazz trumpet and Joe Satriani hard rock) and that is really one of Miles' best recordings ever, and one of my favorite Miles nearing 27 minutes of driving rock and jazz. Yesternow is more like other Miles a lot slower and calmer, but in the middle has a background of the first song of "In a Silent Way", in the end there is a voice for Jack Johnson. This is great Miles from the seventies and it is one of his greatest recordings. Every Miles Davis CD or Record collection should have this.
4 ||| I love this movie! I've tried a couple of DVDs and both are poor quality, low resolution and full frame. I took a chance on iTunes, even though the preview was full frame. The downloaded movie is WIDESCREEN at 845 x 480 and very nice quality.
1 ||| Being new to this toy, I didn't realize that I ordered only the software. I ordered 2 types of My First LeapPad Software but no LeapPad to play it on. I live in the caribbean, so I couldn't just go into a store and buy it. Whatever I ordered and didn't order that time was it, for the next 6 months---until my next visit to the continent. Amazon should advertise for those who don't know while ordering for grandchildren or other children, or even into a new age group like myself, that you need the LeapPad for this. Needless to say, it stayed in its package for a very long time without use.
1 ||| Whatever. The only one demonstrating the slightest amount of talent is the singer, who used to be in O.L.D along with bass player Plotkin. They should have stuck to what they knew. The singing/shrieking is best described as excrutiating, but the music has no redeeming features. I've nothing against detuning but detuning this far just makes the guitar sound poorly tuned and badly played. To me it's extreme for extreme's sake, like making it sound plain crap was their primary objective. Mission accomplished, 2/10.
1 ||| I purchased this timer because the description said that that alarm is long and LOUD. What a disappointment! This is not loud at all. It's not even as loud as the cheap timers I've picked up at the dollar store. It's going back today...5 minutes after opening the package. It is DEFINITELY NOT worth the money, although I do like the large numbers. You can see them from across the room, which is helpful when you are trying to do several things at once while you are cooking.
3 ||| It looks obvious that it's not an ordinary bear because one can see the camera lens in the bear's eyes. Plus it needs a video player to record what happened during the day time. Video player and video tapes are not easy to get nowadays.
1 ||| I found the books for the most part enjoyable. Unfortunately, as with the other Earth's Children books, I was again disappointed to find myself reading (and in the case of the current book, listening to) sexually explict details that should be saved for magazines sold only behind the counter. If not for these graphic passages, which add absolutely nothing to the story line, the books would be a delight to read. In fact, I can see the series being read by preteens and teens alike. The fictional books might even spur a kid's interest in history, geography or anthropology. Auel's books would merit a better rating but for the passages containing detailed sexual content randomly scattered throughout. Okay, some folks enjoy erotica and that's fine -- go to a porn bookstore to get your jollies. The Earth Children Series is a good read without adding gratuitous sex to the mix. So, how about some new editions sans the porno, please.
0 ||| End of Days is one of those bothersome, tiring films that take a cliche and ride it for all its worth. In the meantime, viewers are subjected to a bad, done before script,hammy acting, and violence out the wazoo! I had some higher hopes for this film ( at least as far as you can hope for with a Schwarzenegger film)as the trailers made it look like he was typed a little bit out of cast. But as soon as Arnold has to save Robin Tunney from the the incarnation of the Devil ( played very badly by the usually enjoyable Gabriel Byrne), he turns back to the action hero everyone loved before his surgery sidelined his career. Ultimately, it is a predictible film at best, and one that won't put Arnold back on the map. Oddly enough to mention in a review of a movie such as this, I would recommend instead the very cute Jingle All the Way for a different side of Mr Pumping Iron!
0 ||| I bought this Portable DVD player at Super Target on sale and when I got it home it played very well and had a nice picture until I tried to watch a complete movie on it. It seemed like it got really hot about halfway through the movie and when I tried to adjust the brightness of the screen it was unresponsive. Then the movie froze and totally locked up so I had to unplug the unit and replug it back in to get it to work.I took it back to Target the next day and got my money back. Target gave me a little hassle about paying a restocking fee but I talked them out of it. If it locks up the first time you use it what's going to happen a year from now? Buyer beware!
2 ||| good looking but the canister is difficult to re-seal when closing. The top doesn't seat comfortably on the base without some coaxing. Only size coffee filters that fit in the canister is a size 4.
4 ||| Catchy songs, great performance. Simply put a very good CD. I listen to this album quite a bit, and never tire of it.
1 ||| If the story was as interesting as the cinemaphotograhy, this would be a 5 star movie. But unfortunately, the story is slow starting and never builds any momentum. I kept thinking this is going to get really exciting any minute now, but after an hour into it I realized I needed 3 espressos if I was going to stay awake. DVD is an excellent medium for this film. It really shows the detail that Ridley Scott put into it. It is an excellent film for your DVD collection, if you're wanting to show off your machine. Otherwise, this movie is a real snooze. END
4 ||| A movie for all ages, I have been watching this movie since I was a kid at home. Now my kids watch it with me. It is a timeless classic right up there with It's A Wonderful Life and Miracle on 34th Street. Great singing and watching Danny Kaye dance is a treat for the eyes. Now I have a digital copy to go along with my DVD. Good time to be alive. Happy New Year!
1 ||| Its a fun game but there is no reason to play it much more than a few times. Only good with gun controllers rather than the normal ones. Better left to the arcade.
4 ||| I ordered the series for my son's Kindle. He loves the series. He is 13 but loves to read. Perfect for him.
1 ||| I suppose not liking this book is my fault. I was expecting another Alex Delaware and didn't realize this was a "stand alone" type of novel. Maybe I didn't give this one a chance, but I don't think Conspiracy Club comes even close in character development to the Delaware series. I wouldn't recommend your purchasing this one but borrowing from your public library. The story line isn't even that imaginative nor able to captivate and hold your attention for the length of the book.
1 ||| I purchased this DVD in the hopes that I would be seeing the original CINEMASCOPE print of this sci-fi classic. Sadly the only frames in Cinemascope are the opening credits. The rest of this glorious film has been chopped up to accommodate a standard format. What a loss!
4 ||| The soundtrack alone makes this movie worthwhile - please post some information to let me know where I can buy a CD version of the soundtrack.
2 ||| It poses the question of which would win, given a level playing field, enough water to maneuver, but not so much the bear couldn't keep its purchase: a bear or a shark. The style of the writing, however, asks if it's more annoying to watch network television, or to read a book written in sound-bytes, commercial breaks, and slogans. I liked reading it, but I also like watching television, foreign-language commercials, and amateur videoblogs, so I'm really easy to entertain.
0 ||| I wouldn't mind the fragmentary style (which even the book's defenders admit to), if the book had heart. But it doesn't. What it does have is a certain messiness and nastiness. And at the end, you think, "Well, what's the point?" The last line is good. Too bad the rest of the boook isn't.
0 ||| The story plot of this movie sucked. It started going on a boat trip it ended going back on the same boat trip. She was in this time still world that she kept re-livin. The question is WHY. The movie did not give a reason. What happened to make her go into this state. It started in the time still state and ended the same way. I will never watch this movie again. I gave it one star because that is lowest grade I can go.
2 ||| I dont think ive ever seen a movie with this much mindless action. But, GOOD mindless action. im not saying the action parts bad, but it can give you a migraine that could kill a possum. Again. Anyway, the simple fact is that while the action is near flawless, there are so many great opportunities to build upon it and create a story that could simply make itself another Citizen Kane, it simplifies it to the point of absolute mindlessness. Which isn't a bad thing...
1 ||| I liked this as a child, but it's really one of Disney's weaker animated films and lacks a lot of the attention to detail that sets apart the studio's real Classics. Some of the scenes look like actual tracings from other movies (the scene where Maid Marian is dancing with the animals - it's Snow White and the Dwarfs down to every move!). I recently rented Disney's live action "The Story of Robin Hood" and was so impressed I went out and bought the video - great film full of excitement and suspence. It also explained the whole legend of Robin Hood better and gave the characters a bit more depth. This animated version is only so-so.
4 ||| This is a very nicely done miniseries. I saw it on the television, but on video it is even better! I love the characters Virginia, Wolf, Tony, and Prince Wendell because they each have their own personalities. Another great aspect of the movie is the way the plot twists and turns. When you think one thing will happen, the exact opposite occurs! The best part about it, though, is that this isn't one of your average fairy-tales. It is a modern-day, more adventurous fairy-tale packed with every emotion imaginable. In short, this is a movie that nobody can miss!
4 ||| This book captures the beauty and spirit of Colorado. Mr. Keen has a rare talent that allows him to transport us to places of extreme beauty through his artistry. An added bonus to this book is the companion cd where he shares his expertise with his readers. If you want to experience Colorado, pick up this book, sit back and enjoy.
4 ||| This is a very informative book for any collie owner or prospective collie owner. It is very well-written and contains a lot of important topics concerning proper collie care and what to look for and expect when purchasing a collie. This book also has a lot of information regarding the collie temperment and how important it is to understand this facet of this breed. The pictures are wonderful! The information is very well organized and accurate. This book should be in Every Collie Lover's library.
4 ||| For this Ultimate Edition was well worth the wait. The transfer and addition to the film was flawless, and it brought me back to a younger time when I originally viewed the film in the theater back in '82. The work on this film was definitely a labor of love for the material and for anyone to say otherwise isn't just possible. The feel for this project was not lost over the years and with the new material, as it just enhanced this film overall. The dark tone, the question of Decker's own humanity, and the overall quest for life was not lost in this translation at all.
3 ||| Steinbeck's book are often quite earthy and rough. I think he had a macho image he wanted to maintain in part. He was a good writer (Noble prize, Pulitzer) and "Travels With Charley" is a wonderful book. It is not in this collection however. I find it difficult to swallow his profanity and it is never necessary (read Dickens for instance). In comparison, E.B. White had a gracious side to his writing, a wonderful subtle sense of humor and a beauty of economy with the English language. I like them both but prefer White. I mention the two together because they were both writing at the same time. They were both perfectionists and both hated to be in the public spotlight.
1 ||| My favorite thing about "Murder by Numbers" was the irony: The very thing the guilty boys were doing to mislead the police-red herring after red herring-was the very thing the producers/directors of the movie were doing to mislead the viewers into thinking they were watching a good movie.
1 ||| We received our comforter, and it was not the dimensions advertised. We contacted the seller(Egyptian Cotton Factory Outlet Store) and the claimed manufacturer (Warm Things). The manufacturer responded quickly to tell us that this seller does not have access to their products. The seller has copied the language from the manufacturer's website and is selling fraudulent products in their name. If you care about the quality or dimensions of the comforter you're buying, don't buy from them.
4 ||| We got this for my son at 2 1/2 and he is now 3 1/2 and still LOVES it. Real Wheels are educational, humourous, and "clean." While I think they are silly, the kids seem to love them!
3 ||| Cherry Bomb is an indie action film that is good, but not great. It has enough action and a fast pace, but not enough nudity for a movie with a stripper as the lead character. Adult film star Nick Manning is perhaps the best thing about the movie, delivering a campy performance as the stripper's boss. Also the movie is quite violent. Recommended.
0 ||| This is not a good book; if you want real mystery, read P.D. James, Conan Doyle or a host of others.Robinson's character is gimmicky; the plot is gimmicky; his writing style is gimmicky.If you have insomnia, however, this would be a good book to purchase.Also, comparing Robinson to Grisham is like comparing a painter of Elvis Presley velvets to Leonardo Da Vinci. Robinson's not a real writer, let alone an artist.
4 ||| This little jewel works like a charm! Pour in just enough beans for two cups, and I have super fresh coffee every morning. No muss, no fuss, and no mess at all.
4 ||| after completing my once in a lifetime trip on the DQ, I still wanted more- now I can watch this well made video in my living room. the creators hit all the main points of the vessel although briefly. longer would have been nicer. the video quality itself was great too.
1 ||| Ok this was my first buy on amazon.. I bought 2 of the Tripp Lite TMC-6 TouchMaster Compact Surge Suppressor.. My nabor came to me and Gave me the box that was shipped. She found it at her front door, 2 houses up the street!(UPS can't read an address) When I took out the 2 switch boxes, 1 didn't have any screws in it (a friday special?)I needed them bad so I put my own screws in it.. so far they are working fine.. Not very pleased with my first buy from here..Oh and a week Later there 20 bucks now insted of 30.
2 ||| The three stars are a compromise, because I have not really used this product. I bought it for my Pioneer Inno, but the plug does not fit the Inno jack. To be fair, the product was not advertised as being for the Inno, but since another Pioneer product was mentioned, I thought that it was worth a try. Antenna is inexpensive enough to just write it off to experience, but I thought that other Inno users might want to know to look elsewhere.
2 ||| Okay, I'm not a geek and I'm not a Music Purist, but I had already set up my own 802.11g WiFi network. I have a few significant problems with this unit, more on that in a minute. BUT it does what I wanted -- make it possible for me to listen to my thousands of ripped songs on my real stereo system.The fact that it uses WEP and not WPA meant I had to go back and reconfigure my WiFi security setup, which took the most time (and had me tearing my hair out). Annoying as all get out, and since this device comes from a wireless gear vendor you'd think they'd have done the right thing here. And yes the remote is quite dreadful. But once I figured out how to save all my WMP playlists in a format that the device understood, things worked pretty well.
4 ||| If you're interested in hearing first-hand from the cast & producers of SNL, this is the book for you. Definitely long as it deals with everything from the beginning to early 2000's. I found it distracting at times the organization of interview snippets in certain chapters, but definitely worth a read if you're a fan of SNL.
2 ||| Twice, when my lamps were lit the glass broke. To keep that from happening, the flame must be tiny.
3 ||| I haven't spent much time with this program yet but it has excellent potential for kids and adults who need to see the value of planning ahead.The graphics are nice and some of the instructions are funny, tongue in cheek stuff. All in all a good PC game if you have time to fiddle with it.
4 ||| This cd has some tracks I had not heard before ,it is a very good recording with orchestral backing.This was not played very much on commercial radio,it even has a instrumental track which I really like.
0 ||| I was very disappointed with this movie.....i expected much more.It was painfully slow.....yes some good gore scenes....but too few and too much dead air inbetween!Unless you want to sit down and really watch a "movie" , as if its some drama...then this is notfor you......there are so many better horrors out there......Atmospheric yes......cute girls..yes......some sex ..yes....some blood..yesbut sadly in a rather boring drawn out package....You are better off going for "Inside" its a well paced gory French movie....hardly a dull momentfrom start to finish....and tons of blood!....That was a unique concept and worth every penny!Good luck..gore fans!!!
4 ||| I picked up this book in middle school at a RIF book swap and I have read it at least every year since! Going on almost 10 years now! I would recommend this book to anyone!
2 ||| There once was a man named KlaprothWho cooked up some pitchblende-y brothThis bright German fellowMixed cake that was yellowAnd found something new in the frothHe'd already discovered TitaniumBecause of the size of his craniumSo not wanting to strain usHe thought of UranusAnd called his new product "Uranium"Now Amazon's got it in stockI'll admit that one came as a shockAn ore in a tinRadioactive withinWith a four-million year ticking clockI just noticed while writing this rhymeThat this product ain't covered by PrimeThough small, it's got weightSo you'll pay lots for freightAnd spending that much is a crimeSo although I'd have wanted much moreThan this tiny container of oreI'll have to make doWith one U 92For my Geiger device checking choreBut if science is your main ambitionSince Amazon gives you permissionPlease cover your a$$If you want to tint glassAnd you can't tell your fusion from fissionAmanda Richards, December 12, 2007
0 ||| Best two hour nap of my life. I am impressed that someone was so able to channel the psyche of 14 year old kids into book and film format. Give me back my vampires!! The OC can't have them.
1 ||| This book leaves much to be desired. Take the chapter called "All About Applets" for example. It briefly covers how browser and applets interact, parameter passing, key applet methods, and jar files, but it does not put together a cohesive, clear, practical example in the whole chapter. The best example they have is displaying a jpeg file extracted from a jar file. When am I ever going use that? Try putting together an useful applet for your web page from reading that chapter -- I know I couldn't. Fragmentation and lack of good examples occur through much of the book.Don't be fooled. This book had a 4 1/2 star rating this book had when I ordered it (with many reviews), and it's definitely not deserving of the 4 star rating it has now.
4 ||| Robert Jordan is the best! I never thought that I could read fantacy books, but my friend forced me. Now I am hooked. I love the way A Crown of Swords only covered about a weeks time. It gave me a chance to watch the characters a little closer. They are wonderful. It seems like I know them. I really like the way girls play a big part of the series, and even though my friends all think I'm crazy Nynaeve is the best. I didn't think that this book was a dissapointment at all. I've heard some people say they couldn't finish it but that just goes to show that they are not true Robert Jordan fans.
0 ||| I'm not one of those people who has a problem with Keanu's acting. And I'm a pretty big fan of Charlize Theron, but this movie was pretty bad with a really bad ending. You can watch it if you want, but it's not really worth it.
1 ||| Well if Four Blind Mice was bad -- The Big Bad Wolf is pure trash. I've read all the Cross novels, but in this one, I didn't care if he lived or died or found love or treated his kids how they should be treated. He wasn't a character, he was a name on the paper. I cared about nobody in the book. And nothing ever really seemed to happen ... I thought it was just a slow start, and perhaps it still is (since the book is set up to have a sequel). If you're an Alex Cross fan, read it because of that reason -- but do not expect it to be an Alex Cross novel.
1 ||| I have 2 children, ages 5&6, and now I'm pregnant with my third. I thought I'd get a book to give me a little refresher. With my first 2 pregnancies, I consulted "What to Expect When You're Expecting" on an almost daily basis. This time, I thought I'd try something different. I should have stuck with "What to Expect". I really prefer the month-by-month organization. "The Unofficial Guide" has one chapter for each trimester, with very little description of the development of the baby. There is a real lack of illustration, just a dozen or so line drawings. I prefer a book that includes realistic pictures of the unborn baby, and of the pregnant mother. Although there is some helpful, accurate information, it's just not organized to create a pleasurable reading experience.
4 ||| This is an instructional video geared towards an enthusiastic beginner to novice classic skier. If you are a keen cross-country skier starting out then give this video a try.Not exactly something you can show to non-skiing friends, the presentation of nordic skiing is very old school. You will have to upgrade to another video at an intermediate level for better instruction and motivation.
0 ||| this recording is NOT comparable to JRB's "Songs For a New World." The accompaniments are nowhere as interesting and the lyrics/storytelling, along with the endless melodies, are nothing short of cloying. As for the reviewer who mentioned that Mr. Bucchino is an up and coming B'way composer, it must be noted that he has now had but one show on B'way, A Catered Affair, and many of these tunes are recycled from many years past. A cabaret artist maybe, but this endless ballad style would never make it past the public at large
2 ||| Ok..the songs are not bad by any measure but the lead singer sings too quietly in my opinion and the songs lack the metal quality that In Ex has. If you enjoy purely medieval music buy this CD..but if you want a groundbreaking, breathtaking rock/medieval music fusion then listen to the best group out there (one of the best in my humble opinion): IN EXTREMO!!!
4 ||| Pulled from live recordings off of Gong's 2001 tour of the UK, Germany, Norway, Denmark, Itlay and France. Viva la Gong! Nicely assembled and edited by none other than the Gongship space whisper mistress, Gilli Smyth and I must say she did a fine job. Better than the 'Live 2 Infinity' disc. Tracks I thought made this CD a true keeper were "Wise Man", "Doudouk Bloomdido", the mystical "Do You Believe In Magick?", "Can't Kill Me Sax", the classic Gong piece "Invisible Temple" and the awesome closer "Selene". Much of the old gang is here, like Daevid Allen, Mike Howlett, Gilli Smyth {of course}, Didier Malherbe on doudouk, Graham Clark - violin, Theo Travis - flute & sax and Chris Taylor on drums. Most of the line-up when I saw them a year earlier. Took me a while to land down a copy at an affordable price. A worthy cosmic rock release, as well as a definite should-have.
1 ||| TESS is one of the more boring works of literature. Yes, Hardy was rather a revolutionary for the period as far as his choice of heroine and the subjects with which he dealt, but that doesn't necessarily add up to a good book. The story itself isn't bad -- if you're willing to wade through all the unnecessary muck to piece it together. However, I have trouble stomaching the fact that Tess is lauded as a brave and virtuous heroine when she is actually completely spineless and at times rather annoying. I won't spoil the story by giving examples, since you may very well be intending to read it anyway, or being forced to read it for a class. If the latter is so...good luck.
1 ||| The cart looks relatively good and is quite sturdy for a plastic assembly, but the construction is nowhere comparable to that of the grill itself. I feel like I own a beautifully engineered grill stitting on a large Rubbermaid tub.Also, the design makes it a real pain to move around even a few feet -- the handle is just too far in. I guess that might be why they named it "stationary" even though it has wheels.What a pity.
2 ||| The Region 4 release in Australia has TWO discs with lots of behind-the-scenes and deleted scenes etc, it also has not one but three commentaries! I would normally purchase the Region 1 version from Amazon in NTSC because it is running at the correct speed of 24fps, but with all the extras available here in Sydney, Ive decided to get the PAL version at 25fps. Perhaps they will announce a special addition after you have already brought the U.S. version!!!! The same thing happened with the Australian 2-disc of The Day After Tomorrow - it has a separate disc with a lot more special features. Has the studio tried to fit everything on one disc and therefore removed alot of the special features? Also, because these Australian versions have only the movie on one disc, there is far less compression.
3 ||| When you use it, its alot of detail power for it's size.Sometimes it may not focus right on target but you'll get a photo that looks superbly great. At rare times, I do not get the prefered results I need but still looks good.Indoor pictures not with flash end up shaky.Down the road, the extra options and scene modes give you different ways and results to take photos.The video is great with fast frames. Also it lets me get spontaneous images.
1 ||| Deadly accurate too, especially the mother stuff. Incredible performances, but I'd rather curl up with the cat and watch 'Roman Holiday'. Life's too short to roll around in the John.
4 ||| There are varying opinions of this game, considering it introduces a brand new character to the story and you don't see many previous characters. However, I still loved it. I've played all Ace Attorney games previously, so I've very familiar with them. Although Apollo himself is a boring character, mainly because it takes him forever to figure things out and most of the time Trucy gives him the answer, the overall story is interesting. Besides, who wouldn't love Trucy? She's got a certain spark.I think this game used the touch screen more often than the previous Wright games, which was nice. If you're a fan of the series, definitely pick it up. If you've never played an Ace Attorney game, I suggest you start with Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney. Starting with this one would ruin some of the fun if you went back to the previous games, due to the storyline of this one.
4 ||| I really enjoy these slippers, although they are cut a bit small. These slippers did work, but are a bit hard to put on. I always wear a size 9, and I feel these slippers would have been a bit more comfortable in a size bigger. Give it some thought, these are only slippers, and much more comfortable in a bigger size. Order the next size up, you will thank me later!
4 ||| I owned this in an LP form some time ago. I enjoyed it then and find it a pleasure to listen to again after all these years. One of my favorite tracks is "The Good Life" - a good slow groovy version - for true organ lovers. And "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" is a real up tempo smoker! All of the music sounds as good now as it did many years ago!
4 ||| I'm a big Belle and Sebastian fan, and I love that whole Scottish Sound. I always thought that Stuart David's stuff was cool with B et S, (i.e. Mars and Elvis.) Just because it doesn't sound like "Fox in the Snow" or "A Summer Wasting" doesn't make it bad. I liked the disc and I liked the Modem Song and burn me at the stake but I liked it.Oh well, the thing is that you don't need substantial rhyme schemes when you have a good beat and I think that when you get this album it will definitely grow on you. (This album was a little harder to grasp than the better Up A Tree, but it's still good.) It's a nice CD to listen to whenever.
4 ||| Go back to your childhoood. The sound and the picture are outstanding. If you are a fan, you MUST own this blu ray set.
2 ||| I have to disagree with other reviewers who have heaped praise and many stars on this movie which I found to be art house at it's least pleasing. You will have seen words like, dark, brooding, disturbing thrown around like confetti, when in truth the movie simply does not deliver. What leaves an sour taste in the mouth is not the disturbed main character, nor the semi graphic sexual scenes, but mainly a very very compelling film that ends abruptly, if not predictably leaving the viewer feeling cheated. Is it well made? yes - well acted? sure - but like so many of these "critically acclaimed" dramas it's missing one vital thing. Most stories have a beginning, middle and an end - and this just leaves you hanging after nearly two hours, saying "What?"
3 ||| This movie was better than I thought it would be. It's not as innovative as Pitch Black, but it is more complex and has a great look. Excellent effects and art direction.
0 ||| Wow, still at the top of the AFI's top 100 and it is completely false. I am Ryan Methvin. The writers of this screenplay should be ashamed.
2 ||| Works as expected, was easy to install, small and light and good price. The included bulb is garbage, I had to go and purchase a full spectrum bulb to get strong white light.
2 ||| Yes, it has a cool modern design that looks great in your kitchen. It has the Kitchen Aid name stamped on the front to give you that "Yes, I am a cook, I know what I buy" appeal. It cuts fast through coffee beans into a fine grade for your morning java, but what a mess. There are only 2 of us that drink coffee at our household, making 2 cups each weekend morning, therefore the size of this machine is not an issue, but there is a big major flaw with the design. I believe the clear plastic cover cup that fits over the stainless steel container needs an EPDM or Neoprene gasket ring to stop the coffee grain from spilling unto the kitchen table. We use a simpler solution; we place a napkin under the grinder to collect the dust. When the grinder is finished, we empty both the container & the napkin into the coffee machine. Compare the other brands or models before going for just the brand name.
4 ||| I've heard many things about this album from all sorts of sources. Many rave on and on about "Earthling" (a great album to be sure) but then dismiss "Hours" because it went in a totally new direction. However, that is precisely why I love "Hours". It takes Bowie's music in a totally new direction, adding one more style to the large Bowie collection. If you're looking for the hard rock Bowie that was Earthling, you won't find it here. However, if you want something soft, soothing, yet still undeniably Bowie, this is for you! There is also something to be said about the multiple references to Bowie's past. It seems that this album and "Scary Monsters" of 1980 serve as ways for Bowie to let off all that's been building up over the years. Incredibly different, but still good. Now all we have to do is wait for the rumored jazz of "Heathen"!
4 ||| this movie is really good,i like a movie with clues coming together,to show the big picture.james woods maybe off the force,but he's still in the game.the movie moves at a good pace with a great ending.a real sleeper from the 80's i had never seen before.
4 ||| I had seen "The Hunt for Red October" several times before. Watched it again upon receipt of DVD, purchased through Amazon. Found there were intricacies I had previously missed. Very good movie.
4 ||| I ordered this cd after browsing through amazon r& b artists, and his name popped up. Wow! This Cd is tight! He is a cross betweenDwele and Raheem DeVaughn , yet he has his own vibe! I am going to cop his other cd's because this one is so good. Standout tracksare "Couldn't hear me", "Right Back To You", "Please Dont Leave Me", "Deaf Ears", "Past Paradise" , "She Ought To KNow" and bonus track "I Have a Song" , "Rock with You", and I'll give the mostoutstanding track on the cd "Find A Way" 6 stars out of 5!!!!.This track is awesome! (sounds like Dwele). This is one cd thatanyone who loves neo- soul has to add to their collection.SATISFACTION GUARANTEED!!!
2 ||| This book is okay but it is DEFINETLY not the best. Meg, Jo, Beth and Amys' father has gone to war and they all have their own problems. Meg suffers from her own vanity, Jo suffers from her temper, Beth is in danger of dying and Amy suffers injustice at school.I don't reccomend this book to boys, but it might be good to some girls.
3 ||| excellent story, just maybe a little too much sex. i like a little, but this was a little too much for me.
1 ||| Not sure what the point of the product is. I used an Amazon coupon for the purchase so I am not out much but it seems to do nothing.
4 ||| I often wonder if John Grisham didn't write such a good first 3 books, would he be nearly as popular as he is now. He is a good writer, his books flow, they are easy to read, but they just end....I often find myself saying, a book was way too long, I find his too short....This was a good story, well developed, that ended in 2 pages....Maybe that is what keeps his books alive, they are all fast paced and build, I just wish the endings would develop also. I liked The Last Juror, it was good, but I wonder, could it have been great?
0 ||| I was very disappointed with the prop flowers. I had expected actual flowers preserved inside an acrylic block. What I got was a cheap plastic flower that can be purchased at any Michael's Crafts sandwiched between two sheets of plastic. It is completely tacky looking. No wonder they don't show a picture of this; I would never have spent the extra money had I known it would be so tacky. Way to disappoint and gouge money from the fans, Summit!
0 ||| This book is very unreliable and possibly offers some disastrous information for a first time Grey owner that does not know any better...the material is very outdated. With all the new information that is available today, this book suggest things that we know now to be harmful--such as clipping only one wing, keeping a bird out in winter, etc...in it's time (1979), this book might have been imformative, as not much was known about Greys then, but is no longer of any use. I was very disappointed. For a more up to date book, with excellent and up to date information, I suggest "Guide to a Well-Bahaved Parrot" by Mattie Sue Athan.
0 ||| I was hoping to use this in my 11th grade class to go along with the text of The Crucible, but there's just no way. The readers certainly do express the emotions in the scenes, but it's pretty overstated. Did they record this whole thing in a sauna, or something? Enough with the heavy breathing! If you just want to listen to it for your own purposes, it's great, but in a classroom, expect your students to feel awkward and make jokes about how some parts sound like a bad porno.
0 ||| This DVD has TERRIBLE packaging. Once you have opened the DVD case by breaking the plastic seal, it will never close properly again. I didn't do anything wrong - you're supposed to break the plastic seals - but it's just terrible!Scroll down to the 'Snapper' type case:http://www.andreas-lenz.de/dvd/casetypes/index.php
1 ||| This book started off fun and then you realize that all this girl does is rant and complain...all the time. By the time you reach the middle of the book I didnt think her "monster" of a boss was mean enough to her. MY GOODNESS...keep this character and the author quiet.
1 ||| I bought this because I recently saw The Philistines and noticed that Ray McVeigh, an outstanding guitarist, had a Zilch sticker on his guitar. He produced and plays on this CD.The music is a 4, great sonic tracks with driving guitars and music that takes chances, although it frequently opts for riff-laden techno grooves. But the singing I'd have to rate as a 2-or less. I just don't see what the fuss is about with Hide's singing; I found it grating on every track, and his lyrics are puerile, almost always focused on sex. Gets a little old. If I could wipe the vocals track off this CD, I would. It would be a lot better.
3 ||| Destination Unknown is the newest release of the band Mest. They have 14 tracks and every one has a little different style. Mest lyrics are explicit but thats what they choose to express their feelings towards the song. THe songs are fast pop-punk songs and very enjoyable. Few songs are slow meaningful songs. Destination Unknown is for you if you like: New Found Glory, Sugarcult, Unwritten Law, and many others. This artist is on its way to fame. And if more albums like this appear, Mest will be big. So give this album a try and you'll like it, or you may not.
0 ||| What a gagger!Clancy's 1-dimensional characters get more and more boring, and here they're in a plotline that's improbable at best. His treatment of women is condescending, to say the least (one wife, a doctor, says to her spec ops operator husband, "You kill people? I'm not sure I like that...")The story, albeit interesting, goes on altogether too long. I found myself reading the last 200 pages or so just to find out what happened.The more detail Clancy goes into, the more he gets wrong. He's descending into Mack Bolan territory, it seems. It takes more than several heads "exploding like a ripe melon" to make a decent novel. If you're already a fan, you'll love it-- it's the same crap he's been pumping out since "Sum of All Fears." If you're not a fan, grab "Hunt for Red October" or "Red Storm Rising"-- 2 really good ones by Clancy; before he started believing his own press releases.
1 ||| Have the VHS bought the DVD very dissapointed In the DVD.They Cut out a Lot Of the Show.WHY? Will return the DVD.Keep My VHS OF CHER At her Best.I love it. I only wish they would have made It like the VHS.Why make a DVD Incomplete of One of the Greatest Performers we Will ever See.The Name Is [ CHER ]
3 ||| This is more of an overview of basic dog training, but I was hoping for a bit more in-depth "how-to." I did like that he showed how confusing it is to our dogs when we first begin giving commands that they don't understand. Excellent demonstration. Also, that he made the training fun for both the dogs and their human counterparts.
1 ||| Tom Clancy did his usual job of entertaining us with this techno-thriller but his characters are all so perfect,that they do not come across as believable. It seemed that Clancy loves his main characters so much that their aura of invincibility was never seriously threatened- this makes for an uninvolved combat narration because you know that the bad guys are doomed even before the entire sequence is played out. Extremist groups for the environment are a tiny minority and Clancy chooses to put nature conservation ( which should concern us all ) in a very bad light- no doubt reflecting his very narrow minded view of the World according to Clancy.
2 ||| I read this book and im 13 and i don't think i should have read beacuse the book was very graphic about killing ect. i would not recommend this book to anyone under 13. besides that the storyline was ok. I would only read this book on a rainy day.~*~shelby~*
1 ||| Not the best game in the world. But if you liked the show, you will get a kick out of the game.
1 ||| I didn't like this game as much as I thought I would. It was intresting enough but i beat it quickly with only a few problems(the thugs outside the hotel...and the hotel itself). Anyway it wasn't the worst i've played (if you've ever played mr.nuts you know what i mean). The graphics were great! I wasn't expecting that much on the graphic side. Anyways if you like games where you're fighting constantly then you won't like this game. Its nicely put together yet it wasn't as much fun as i thought. It requires a lot of thought; more than i wanted to put into it.overall:Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 7/10(no bugs:-) w/ little problems)Fun:4/10Storyline:9/10in my opinion it was fair.
3 ||| Heats quickly, not overly noisy, works as expected. There was no plastic smell to the water. There is a minimum amount of water required to operate the kettle, but it's not a big problem.
4 ||| This fork is great for working with non-stick pans. It is light, but sturdy. I would recommend it to my family and friends.
0 ||| "The Genealogy of the Sarchet family" was of lesser quality than expected. I have purchased other historic reprints from Amazon and have been well pleased. The quality of this particular reprint was a disappointment!
0 ||| The book is too "wordy" Names and items are repeated too often. ie. "tiny white van". The characters are not believable.
4 ||| I'd never read a book with annotations beforfe but I really enjoyed this. I didn't feel like the side notes destracted from the story, but expanded on reason for certain things in the story. Enjoyed reading this very much!
1 ||| The most valuable thing in this book is a longish list of sleep hygiene tips nestled within the four week progeram. It includes things like replacing all the bulbs in your bedroom to those that put out a maximum of forty watts, and taking a power down hour before bed where nothing can be done but mindless chores, hygiene, and stretching. The rest of the book is filled with product plugs and unnecessary facts. The four week program would cause even more anxiety in me about sleeping. For a truly wonderful book on sleep, and one that will help those already on medications without lambasting them, try the Insomnia Answer by Paul Glovinsky.
0 ||| This is cliched, sentimental, goopy pablum. I can't emphasize how terrible a waste of paper this is. Nora Roberts is a monkey with a typewriter, but this dreck doesn't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as Shakespeare. It's not Shinola, it's just the opposite, if you pick up what I'm laying down. Don't waste your time.
2 ||| This product has been shipping with the wrong specs, even through the official specs from Beck-Arnley describe fitment correctly. It is the rear rotor for the NA version of the mk2 MR2 as well as the earliest turbo mk2. Beware ordering it if time is tight due to the high potential for this error. I've contacted Beck-Arnley and alerted them of this, and they acknowledged my findings. Besides Amazon, at least one other commonly used distributor also has shipped these wrong sets. It's not the distributor's fault directly, and Amazon did recredit me within their refund/return timeframe.
2 ||| Hi I had these for 2 years in a zip pouch in my gym bag. Other models such as ear buds and the Sony waterproof model with plastic covers are too large for my ears-- they hurt. I gave them to my husband and daughter. The behind the ear ones fall off and pull and these "old style" phones are the only ones I can wear . For the price and the sound quality and comfort it's a value. As a musician I appreciate the sound range vs light weight. My husband cannot believe the sound quality I'm getting on these cheap lightweights. I'm wearing them, they are not wearing me. Why am I ordering more? I lent them to my teenager in the car and she broke them instantly of course. They do work great duct taped, but I'm buying extra pairs to stash. And I'm not lending them to anybody!
1 ||| This was selected for our book club and I was excited to start based on the description. After purchasing and starting that same night I expected the story line to pull me in and it didn't. I wasn't able to connect with the characters and in the end I got about 25% through and haven't tried reading again. I asked the book club their thoughts and all said the same thing. One was in the 3rd section and still wasn't connected with the book or characters. In the end we selected another book for the club meeting. I think I will try this book again we I have more time but right now I was disappointed that it didn't hold my attention.
3 ||| if you ever read this book it is very deep. this book is about a Jessica that hates her stepmother alot. when Jessica finds out something she goes crazy. so she starts to write books no one in school likes her. she eats lunch alone her room is all black. this is all i will tell you for now!
3 ||| I read the book and it was not up to par with Mercedes Lackey's previous books, even the ones co-authored. It seemed as though there were no set rules as to how each character was named. One person would go by the first name another by the last and it was confusing. Content wise it was fairly good. But as I said before it was not the best I have read by this author.
0 ||| Interesting..., Bought a Bones 2, 2 years ago.., had issues with one of the arms; called to ask for the "so called" lifetime warranty..; the guy on the phone spent more time convincing me that the issue was MY FAULT instead of attending my request. Just bought a Thule Gateway 9007! exc!!!
4 ||| The only thing I had to do to it was to level the in/out feed tables according to the manual. I also removed the silly sticker telling me about the saw dust. I tried the machine on some very dense 7" cherry and it had no problem taking 1/16" off and giving me a beatiful shiny flat surface. The locking bar is kind of clumsy to use but works nicely. The dust hood works great and I had it empty into a bag (my dust collector is on order). The extra knives (and the fact that you can sharpen these knives) will save you some more money too. An excellent value with the rebate.
4 ||| Once one starts reading HYPOCRITE IN A POUFFY WHITE DRESS, it becomes difficult to stop--just like eating potato chips.Author Susan Jane Gilman describes her childhood which, by the standards of modern life, actually was not very difficult or extraordinary.No, the drama comes from Gilman herself, a woman who may define the concept of "drama queen."Her view of the world is hilarious, and her reporting is enhanced by her marvelous turn of phrase.For someone who has lived a rather unexceptional life (other than an evening spent with Mick Jagger) and someone who also is relatively young to be writing a memoir, Gilman has authored an entertaining and riveting book.
4 ||| Jane Eyre is a really good book. I really enjoyed reading this book. This book is about a girl who suffered a lot in her life. She was an orphan. Her parents died when she was small. Even though she suffered in her life, she overcame those difficulties. You should read this book and find out what happened to Jane in the end. I know that whoever reads this book will definitely enjoy it like I did.- Review by Johanna
2 ||| I am a Blade Runner fan. I have an old vcr version. I have seen the 'Director's Cut' on the big screen. It is a huge disappointment. Harrison Ford's narration was added to the released version because the 'Director's Cut' was too unclear on what was going on. The great narration of the Blade Runner was added after looking at the Director's Cut. They knew, and rightly so that the movie would flop without the verbal support from Harrison Ford. His explainations make this a great film. I would really like to get a DVD of the original movie released version.
4 ||| This is a fantastic show exposing all the odds that are usually not talked about in our communities. It's educative to all ages. I am impressed!
3 ||| If you are training for your first triathlon, and/or you think you might only do one triathlon and don't want to invest too much money, this book might do it for you. It has basics on everything from work-out schedules to weight training to nutrition. It was okay for what I wanted at the time and the price, but I wish I would of invested a book that will help me more in the future. It was an easy read, I read most of it on my lunch hour one day. It was a comfort to have and help me visualize what the race would be like.
0 ||| I enjoyed Harvest but I thought Life Support was a bore. It never caught my interest and never even intrigued me. Don't bother with it.
1 ||| A Farwell to Arms, by Ernest Hemingway was overall not a book I would encourage others to read. In my opinion, if your interested in war novels, then yes I could give it a chance. But for my own interest, i'm not into war novels. Fredrick Henry was the protagonist of the novel; he was a ambulance driver for the Italian Army. You see many sides of Fredrick, but not enough for me to get into his head and relate to him. Fredrick meets a nurse Catherine whom he falls head over heals with her seduction, and loves instantly. The reader follows Fredrick's decisions as in leaving the war, his friends, and everything he was involved with behind for Catherine. Catherine and Fredrick go through many obstacles together, and find themselves moving to Switzerland until they got arrested by the police, but got away. Months pass, Catherine has her baby, but a tragic ending happens to Fredrick Henry. It seems like the same old novel about two star struck lovers who in the end can't be together.
1 ||| We got this game because I wanted to have a fun way to help my daughter with the GeoBee. Every time we play it I find things that the editors got wrong. They left Belize completely out of the game, they have Zimbabwe in the middle of the ocean, and have Zionism being a major religion in Tanzania. So if you are okay playing a game with mostly correct information this is a good choice, if you are bugged by these things--you might not want to get it.
3 ||| This DVD is a decent collection of episodes. The transfer is not the best, but these are 80's cartoons, so they don't have much to work with. The audio hisses like crazy. I have no idea why I was so big into this cartoon, it's actually kinda bad, but it's nostalgic. It's fun to remember all the toys that I bought like a dumb American consumer. :) If you want M.A.S.K. on DVD, this is your only shot, so it's "awesome" I guess. If you simply like 80's cartoons, there are better out there.
3 ||| Great use of case study, factual detail and explaination is good. My enclosed software was fine, other students complained that it was "buggy"
3 ||| It's a plastic planter. It works. Buy it if you need a planter and don't want to spend much. Simple
1 ||| For something like a week ago i rented this movie,and thats actully the worst movie i have EVER seen, me and my brother almost laught ourselvs to death.The shark doll they used in this movie can't even be compared with the shark they used in 1975.And all the credit i can give to this movie is the very very cool opening sequence.Morten Solberg Norway.
4 ||| I read the book many years ago in high school and wanted to read it again before I saw the movie. It is a classic and I loved being introduced to all the characters once again.
4 ||| This product was purchased to match previous pieces in a set. I love the size of the stock pot
3 ||| I chose D-Link because of their customer support 24/7 for the life of the product. I have gone through 2 DI-624. DSL and Cable Modem (Road Runner). It keeps DROPPING THE SIGNAL. From reading another review, its true that the firmware updates are what kills this router. Each update creates new problems. Everyone tells me to use Linksys and I am getting one now... PS I have used D-Link for over 3 yrs!
0 ||| This album is a disaster. It deserves one star because I bought it without listening to it prior to the purchase. They turn 180 degrees away from the blues and try to rock out. My coffee cup has been resting on it on my desk after the first listen. Save your hard earned money and buy everything else they put out. The other stuff is great. This is a joke.
1 ||| I really liked Ms. Coulter's books in general but The Target left me feeling unsatisfied. It seems that Ramsey could have Emma without Molly and still be happy. And the ending felt rushed in that after all that suspence everything was resolved ASAP. Ms. Coulter could have done more with the rest of the supporting charaters, and the love scenes felt liked it was just an afterthought, plunked right down near the end. But the redeeming quality was that there were certain scenes that was very witty and funny.
1 ||| I had higher hopes for this book after reading Guns, Germs and Steel. But it was more difficult for me to really get into the book. His basic assumption is any society that extracts natural resources faster than a sustainable rate will vanish unless they comes to grips with the problem and modify their behaviour so they become sustainable. I would have thought he would have touched on other issues but the environment is the single focus of the book. While there is a lot of truth to what he says I thought the book would discuss other reasons that societies collapse as the environment is not the only reason an economy or society will collapse.
4 ||| This is just a great pop record.Every song on the cd could be a single from the rocky first song to the epic 10 minute finish.Stand out tracks have got to be "sing all the saddest songs, Hey mona lisa and Heart as big as liverpool" This has got to be the best cd released this year buy it and make it a hit.
1 ||| The patterns were not well done, you need to really look at the pattern. Of course the book is outdated but the style can be updated by choosing 'newer' style beads and colors.
4 ||| When I picked up this CD, I was only interested in the 2 hits songs. After hearing the rest of the album, WOW!! This stuff rocks. The style of music is catchy and unique. Russian versions of the songs are neat but I would have liked to see a full album of songs.Hope to see a followup full album.
0 ||| All packaging says it's Sleeping Beauty, 50th Anniversary, Platinum Edition. DVD says the same, but it's the Aladdin movie! Needless to say, my daughter was very disappointed. How can this happen?! How nice the seller was to let me know I can return it, but I pay for the shipping. Will NOT be using this seller again.
1 ||| While this book is acclaimed as one of the best fantasy novels of all time. I find that the most weighing factor for this is age. Being published in the early 20's, it was certainly a groundbreaking book in its time. At this point, however, while the book is better then some of what is out there, it is given far to much esteem. I found the book, superfluously wordy. The resolution of the plot easy to foresee. And I had a hard time finishing it, I wasn't filled with wonder. Perhaps this is due to my reading a great deal of fantasy previous to reading the Hobbit. I feel the works of HG Wells and Jules Verne have weathered the ages much more effectively. So I would recommend the Hobbit to adolescents, people who are interested in getting into fantasy, and those who have a great deal of patience.
3 ||| I thought this game was pretty damn cool. It has nice smooth gameplay, the wicked cell shading (you can cell shade pretty much anything and it will look awsome).I didnt understand why the game took up 4 CD's either, after switching CD's continuously for a while I found out you can download an exe file for XIII which makes the game never ask for a CD again, I guess it is hacker reasons or pirating reasons that Ubisoft just doesnt do this.Also the ending was really dumb, but I didnt seem to have the problem of some people where when you save it puts you back at the start of the level. Maybe that is a console thing, I always started up at the last checkpoint.But all in all this was a really good game until the end, I was hoping I could keep playing, and expected a longer game on 4 cd's. But hey...
4 ||| Excellent movie!* I can only say it reminded me of another great one- Pretty Woman. Finally- someone has recaptured the theme of that great one.* (And funny the actress in both are really named Julia.*)Julia Stiles again shines-a true talent. (As she also did in Mona Lisa Smile*- -with by the way, my all time favorite actress, Julia Roberts*)This was a fantastic movie all the way around.*Thank you all* who made it come to life.*(And keep up the good work... there are those of us out here who love it.*)
3 ||| Although I have seen both the English and Japanese versions, I would have to say to those Godzilla fans out there: Watch the Japanese version instead. I will admit that watching Godzilla die is hard, but at the film's end Godzilla Jr. has grown up to take his father's place. The Japanese version's translations are precise, but the English translation of the film doesn't follow the movie itself. But all in all, Godzilla vs. Destoroyah is one movie that you don't want to miss.
0 ||| Horrible DVD. Astoundingly bad quality. The full frame isn't even on the screen - the right-hand side is cut off.
0 ||| I am sad to say that I am very disappointed with this item. So far I have only used the cookie pan, but I've used it about two dozen times over the course of about 2 months (mostly to make baked bacon, which is awesome by the way). It was great because it was so easy to clean, I was really happy with it. Now it's suddenly warping when exposed to heat in the oven, even at low temperatures (250-300 degrees). Opposite corners of the sheet start to curl towards each other, rendering it unusable.I'm not going to return the product yet because it's possible the other items won't behave this way, and I'm looking forward to making muffins. But I'm really disappointed in the cookie sheet.
0 ||| I know because I bought it. The gyroscope spins out of control and the string snaps on the first pull. The gyroscope is UGLY and DULL. I am Verry Disappointed and so will you if you get this. Do Not Buy it. It is made of lead and stains your finger when you toutch it. This Toy is Very Low Quality and it stinks. As I said Before Do not Buy.
2 ||| Looks great and very sturdy, unfortunately is not very easy to pry open. If you need to open it constantly during the day, not a smooth process.
4 ||| You really should credit the author of the text in this book, an excellent essay by the noted art historian Carter Ratcliff. The book is about Donald Baechler not by him. It also contains an informative interview with the Viennese Linguist Martin Prinzhorn. Mostly pictures of flowers, if you like flowers. Also contrains a great bibliography and chronology of the artists life. review by Chris Kellley
0 ||| EDIT: After a firmware upgrade, the unit is working far better, and has been in use for about 3 months at my residence. Still, it drops out intermittently, and there are better choices.(1) Drops connections - a lot.(2) Many - hundreds of websites - report the same problem.(3) D-Link hired lots of marketers to write good opinions of this device. Don't trust them.(4) I know what I'm doing. I've set up my computer on literally a dozen different networks without a problem, and configured routers of various stripes for almost a decade. This isn't a newbie error - I was floored for many hours trying to get this thing to work.(5) It still doesn't work reliably.(6) This issue isn't a 'bad unit' issue - many other people sent in their D-Link routers, got a new one, and had exactly the same problem.Bottom line: one of the worst purchases I have made -- and I know what I'm doing. AVOID AVOID AVOID!
0 ||| I read this book as a result of reading the reviews at this site. While the story held my interest and I had to see it through, I thought the writting was corny and the dialogue phony and juvenille. Eventually all of the sexual overtones became annoying and unrealistic. Perhaps the author would have had better success as a "Young Adult" writter, because, despite the sex, that is how this book came across.
0 ||| This was truly one of the worst books I've ever read. I simply could not believe Coulter wrote it. The characters were insipid, the dialogue pathetic. The author should be embarrassed at taking advantage of her previous, good reputation. Shameful.
2 ||| A little flimsier than I thought they would be and bigger, but I took a chance to buy these online...cheap enough that it didn't matter that these were not what I was looking for -- will save them for another project later
2 ||| The cover of this item may have one believe that a major part of the documentary contains material sourced at the time.This is not the case and the product is in the main present day interviews. I'm not saying that this provides any less impact of the terrible situation, but purchasers should be aware of this.
1 ||| This album has some good songs, but it also has some uninspired performances from the Beatles. "Get Back" is the highlight for me, while "The Long and Winding Road" is a low point, both for Phil Spector's string and choral overdubs, and for it being a bit of a mawkish lounge song. Like the "white album", the Beatles do seem like one another's sidemen rather than a cohesive band. However, unlike that album, this is not an all-time classic. If you're just starting out buying Beatles, don't start here.
4 ||| This towel ring is very sturdy and a solid piece. I like it so much better than the towel ring I replaced that had a loose ring that moved whenever you used the towel. It looks great with the other products from the Devonshire collection.
1 ||| Am giving this product only 2 stars because it didn't seem to have an effect other than irritating my skin.
4 ||| This is the best book I have seen on the subject of VxDs. I was able to get my VxD up and running in less than a week. Great reference and useful source code.
3 ||| This album is a hit and miss of contributors. It has it's ups and downs. Montgomery Gentry's performance stands out to be the best of the disc, and obviously the label agrees, "Didn't I' was the first commercial single release from the disc. Eddie Montgomery and Troy Gentry harmonize so well, that it amazes me that they have only been around for a couple of years. Rascal Flatts has a very cool gospel type of song on there. India.Arie's "Good Man" as good as well, and you can never go wrong with Steven Curtis Chapman. The album could have been better. But it does have some strong points, just not many.
2 ||| This item arrived before the "expected" date. The first blade did not give a good shave. I contacted the vendor, who offered to exchange the blades, or just give me a credit upon receipt of the returned blades. (Purchase was for my friend).Since I knew we didn't want a credit, I suggested that my friend try a different blade, and the 2d blade was better than the 1st one. So he decided to keep the blades. We have had this happen with these blades before - and contacted Gillette directly ourselves, and they replaced them! It's not the vendor's fault - this isa problem with Gillette. We have no problem with Amazon or their vendor.
1 ||| Album had some high musicianship points BUT the songs sound the same, the lyrics are juvinile, and there is just has no originality. They are basically a strong cover band re-doing things that were done 50 years ago only not as good. Likely a great band to see live and dance too but too repetetive and un-original for CD. If you really want to Swing, with lyrics pick up some Louis Jordan from the late 50's. He was a great song writer, lyricist (catchy, entertaining, pure), and alto saxaphonist. Also go for some Duke Ellington or Count Basie.
2 ||| Our school library received this book through the school board's "approved" book list. Obviously, the author's name was enough for the reviewer to okay this title. Upon receiving the book, it was obvious that the list-maker at the school board had relied only on the Shel Silverstein name without actually opening the book for review. Although very cute for the 18+ age group, this is most certainly NOT a children's book. The grapic adult cartoons are funny if you are a "grown-up" but can give your children a crash course in sex-ed if you don't screen this book first. Funny for adults; not intended for children!
1 ||| The acting was good for what it was. The opinion I have after watching it was the movie was someone's spoof of what BDSM was. The ending just left me with my mouth hanging open and shaking my head in wonderment.
4 ||| This book will be just great for introducing my master degree students on very important concepts on Phenomenology, especially intentionality. It will also cope with the hard task of explaining what phenomenology really is. I have used the D'Artigues book for many years, since it is a good one , however Sokolowsky gives e new breath to any one looking for a better understanding of that important philosophic approach to our complex and challenging human world, mainly nowadays due to so many conflicting relationships everywhere.
3 ||| Another classic bit of Burt...I prefer seeing Mr. Reynolds in this type role. With that sly Burt attitude and wit, always gettin' the bad guy and winnin' the girl in the end. It's a simple script, nothin' fancy, just Burt doin' what he does best!! These movies are my little guilty pleasures. I love this flick, no 2 ways about it! I really prefer Burt in this type of movie, or the Bandit role, or the Cannonball Run role...well, you get where I'm comin' from...just good old fashioned simple entertainment!!
3 ||| Ed Norton is so funny and so is Robin Williams in this movie. It's a definite one to check out
1 ||| I found the movie leading in many directions....Why was John's wife appearing in Point Pleasent? Was this the mothman? Why did John appear for Gordon 3 nights at 2:30 a.m? These questions were never answered in the movie.... or did I miss something? The movie ran long for me, maybe because of the loose ends. I could be wrong, you decide. Go see the movie......
4 ||| I got this for my husband as a gift about 2 years ago, and it's still going strong.The stackable part is kind of fun, but we are afraid that our records might be damaged being stacked like that, so we don't use it.The record player also replays your record so there's no silence.CD player works great, radio works. Looks very authentic, even though it's definitely not an antique. Overall, pleasantly surprised.
4 ||| This is an excellent book. I would recommend to carry this book even after passing the exam as it serves as a good reference on many areas within the J2EE.
0 ||| Unrelated stock footage, annoying repetitive sound effects galore, filler, inane sensationalized commentary, and more filler...if that floats your boat then give this ridiculous excuse for a documentary video a whirl, otherwise, avoid it like the plague.
4 ||| I haven't really used self-hypnosis tapes before but when I got the opportunity to try Elena's tapes, I was curious and interested. My family had gone through quite an ordeal with several deaths in our family in a short amount of time so I was anxious to try and "heal" myself and maybe some family members.Elena's tapes are wonderful. She takes you through a meditative journey by talking you through it and I felt relaxed and comfortable. I loaned this to my mom who really enjoyed it. She became so relaxed and wanted to know more about her tapes.I recommend Elena's tape to people who are trying to heal from a life experience that was not necessarily pleasant and who are trying to cope with life.
3 ||| I love the Ed Sullivan Show, and these DVDs bring you the greatest rock acts of all time - all in one place! In this excellent 9-DVD package, you will find Elvis, the Beatles, the Doors, the Rolling Stones and many more. Yes, some songs repeat throughout the set, and yes, the discs are a little too short, but I'm willing to overlook that and enjoy my favorite rock acts again and again. Now it's your turn.
3 ||| This video is ok, not the best i've ever seen of Kathy. If you like seeing women in swimsuits and you like Kathy Ireland get this one.
4 ||| This has to be not just the best movie of all time, but the whole 'Story'. Me being a Fantasy Fanatic, I have 'The Neverending Story' OST, VHS, now all I need is the DVD! I have to admit, the actual book was better, because you don't get to see Bastian, you have to imagine, even fantasise what he looks like. The late Michael Ende has done a very FINE job, in reminding people to use their imagination as much as possible....I hope many other people shares the adventures Bastian encounters, enjoy the film...
3 ||| A bit choppy in places, especially the beginning, but I am excited to see Christopher develop into a mature writer over the years. He is most definitely a new voice in fantasy even though the stores stock his books in the "young adults" section. As an avid reader of scifi and fantasy I still enjoyed the story and believe we will see more from Mr. Paolini.
4 ||| This is such a good collection of S&G's music. It's one of the few CD's that I love every single song. I am a new fan of their music and it really got me into it. The CD is just plain GREAT!
1 ||| while Brian Mcknight knows what His Zodiac Sign is&the Month He was born in,musically He is truly suffering from idenity Loss. somewhere between the early 80's till early 90's is where Mcknight is swimming in. while He is a Very talented vocalist,Multi Instrumentalist&songwriter it's been quite a while since He has left a mark.on this set He can't make up his mind if He wants to Be R.kelly,Ronald Isley,Prince,&Others.as long as Brian Mcknight has Been around you would think He wouldn't still be trying to find His Own Musical Idenity but going by this Album he truly is spinning in Music Circles&no direction appears in sight. this Cat should be alot further in His Career than he is.
4 ||| I liked this movie. It kept my interest. I dind't even know it was three hours until it was over.
1 ||| I saw this and I must say I felt I was trapped in a sophomoric misunderstanding of Ingmar Bergman. If you want beautiful cinematographic postcards of the Pacific Northwest, by all means. If you want a lifeless P.C. apology to Japanese-Americans, by all means. If you want a movie that you can stay awake through . . . run, run, run to your nearest made-for-televison movie . . .you'll thank me.
1 ||| I agree with others who have written weak reviews. As a Cleese fan, I was disappointed that the pacing was so slow and that frankly it just got boring after a while. Cleese must have learned some lessons from this project, because his later work is far superior.Fawlty Towers - The Complete Serieswill always be a personal favorite by any comedian, any genre.
1 ||| I wanted to read this before seeing the film. Wow, what a bore. Keel's book reads like some scatter-shot diary with himself as the narrator. Maybe this stuff was revelatory back when it was originally published, but now with the X-Files cultural phenomena and all the other media about UFOs and the paranormal floating around, this seems pedestrian in comparison. The descriptions are always the same. Only the names change each chapter/sighting/contacting.Also, DO NOT READ THIS BOOK before seeing the movie. It will sap some of your enjoyment from Mark Pellington's excellent film (in fact, I was amazed at how well screenwriter Richard Hatem took this dross and put a narrative structure around it, but that's another review that belongs elsewhere....)
2 ||| I was introduced to Paul Q-Pek listening the the Hardcore/Punk group One Bad Pig. So this album was a bit of a shock because the style was not what I was expecting to hear. If you can't listen to any thing but the hard stuff don't by this album. But if you like melodic music this is a definite must. This album will not let you down.
1 ||| I don't, as you can plainly see. The book was written with poor grammar, and the plot seems very familiar, like so many other books. I wouldn't suggest this book, but you may want to read it anyway to make your own choice. I was expecting another great fantasy author, but I realize that Paloani still has a long way to go.I think it is clearly remarkable that someone Paloani's age could write a novel such as this, though I do not find the book as remarkable. I know that many people absolutely love this book, and indeed I can see why. I would like to encourage Paloani to keep on writing, and to develope his style and better himself through experience, as that is virtually all he is missing at the moment.
1 ||| For the price it sounds good and thats it. I bought it it looked worse than in the picture. And it didnt even last 2 months. I called Maximo and thank God they were nice, they told me to just cut them in pieces and send the photo .. I received my replacement in a week. But it broke again in 2 moths exact. I just give up the hussle to call Maximo again if its going to break again in 2 moths....
0 ||| i just got one word this movie blows one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time the first part of the movie put my wife to sleep. any body who reads this it is not even take the time our the money to by this movie
0 ||| I have seen Rent live on stage a number of times. If you haven't then you probably won't understand what this is actually about. The film version does not show the audience the pure passion that the stage version shows. I was very disappointed.
1 ||| I didn't really like this book -- I found it kind of boring. Most of the book describes the year of the plague and all the villagers that died (I'm not spoiling anything with that information). It felt like "Groundhog Day" -- the same set of events happened over and over with various villagers dying. I realize that each villager was a different character with different circumstances, but all the deaths just ran together at a certain point. The book just didn't have enough of an interesting storyline to draw me in. The ending was surprising and I was glad to have gotten through the book to enjoy the ending.
4 ||| These are wonderful videos with lots of detail my children watch them over and over again
3 ||| I bought this because it had good reviews, was cheap and looked to function well. Mine is rusting a little bit along the inside lip. This is happening for two reasons, they use cheaper grade stainless steel and they were too cheap to polish the inside, leaving many small groves that are prime for rusting. Other than that this thing works just fine and as everyone else describes.
3 ||| I love BarberShop so I decided to by the sequel. Not as funny as the first but still a great movie.
4 ||| I really like it because, it really gives you a whole picture of the backgroud of Halloween, and its symbolism.And also has good recipes!
4 ||| My daughter got a set of these dolls when she was 3 1/2 and lost them at a friend's. She was so devastated that we had to buy them again for her 4th birthday. The dolls are darling and an easy size to play with. They do have a few small accessories if you're child eats toys.
3 ||| item arrived damaged but company provided replacement efficiently and without any hassle. polite, prompt and efficient service. attractive bracelet. the silver beads on the bracelet are a little cheap looking but as they age and oxide they will look better....
2 ||| the part that hooks it up to the fv is missing but i have no phone # to call and let then know
4 ||| Dexter is a must see for anyone interested in the dark side of the psyche. Dexter is a charming person trying to fit into society while he manages his darkness. I love this series enough that I may break down and upgrade my cable for the channel it airs on. I am just so ready for the newest Dexter to come out. I loved each of the Seasons and would not be able to name one as a favorite over the other.
3 ||| I like the cord being presided to the connector, but I found the plastic shield is very stiff if winter, almost to the point of not being able to use. Spend a litle more and get a rubber jacket if you are in the Midwest. Otherwise a great cordset.
4 ||| I love science fiction and when it combines great visual effects it great. I saw this in the movie and now glad to have the DVD. It's wonderful entertainment.
0 ||| I was disappointed with the movie because its not what I expected. I had hoped it would be more centered around the dog fights rather on the strange love interest. Falling in love with a married woman is not what i had hoped for or expected. Mitchum is one of my favorite actors this was just not his best movie by far.
1 ||| What can anybody say about software for which there is no choice but to buy? Can't do without it - had to buy it. Therefore I think the deal could be better.
3 ||| i've seen the movie and had to watch it the second time to see what was really going on. the cars, the clothing and the locations could have been a little better. the ending too. i mean, he's a good director. but this movie would be something to watch if you had nothing else to do. oh! robert deniro played the best in the movie. without him this movie would have been shit.
1 ||| This contraption does not mix the miracle gro evenly. Why they put their name on something like this is beyond me
3 ||| If your family came to America 100 years ago, what was life like for them? Newbery Medalist Russell Freedman provides insights which pair with vintage black and white photos to describe work challenges, living conditions and more. The blend of visual and history will appeal to elementary grades 3-5, but many an older reader will find it equally unusual & compelling.
3 ||| The team at "This American Life" tell stories as well as anyone in the media. This book was recommended to me during a seminar on multimedia storytelling for photographers, so its value is not limited to those who only want to do radio. It's a comic book, but not shallow. Anything but. Ira Glass and his team at Chicago Public Radio go through how a particular week's show, Do-Gooders, was produced as well as basic tip for anyone wanting to do documentary audio work. This is a little gem.
4 ||| This movie is really funny. The actors did a great job. A lot of scenes in this movie are really funny. Good date movie.
0 ||| Don't waste your money on this. I've had mine for a year, taken good care of it, and yet it will only power ONE fan for 30 minutes. I tried my coffee maker: NO. Tried a small fridge: NO. In short, it's useless, save your money and try something else.
3 ||| The information is quite a general introduction to finches. But it is well worth the small price for the nice glossy embossed photographs of several species. Worthwhile to have as a handy photo reference on the shelf.
3 ||| I use this saw every day on the job.Very portable easy set up and stable.Has good power, rpms a little slow but still does a good job. Fence is smooth,extention works good.The only problam is the rod that tightens the fence is to small. Broke it twice in 10 mons.@ about 20$ a piece to fix.
3 ||| The film is loosely based on the 9th Company/345th Independent Guards Airborne Regiment. After training, arrival in Afghanistan, etc. they are assigned the mission to hold Hill 3234 during Operation Magistral, largest effort of the Soviet Afghan War. This is a Russian film, and American audiences often have trouble with them. What helped me is the historical importance of the fight for Hill 3234, which I have been to (a plaque is now there for 9th Company), a longterm interest in the Soviet Airborne Forces and Spetsnaz, and having some close Ukrainian friends - all of them former VDV or Spetz - who love this film.I don't care in the least that the lip sync is not great, or that the plot is a little sappy from time to time, or that no one from the Hollywood A list is in it. To me it's worth the price.
4 ||| Few authors touch on such fundamental and basic truths of leadership as Maxwell does. As someone who has been in formal leadership positions for over a decade, I always learn and am refreshed from Maxwell's ability to break down leadership into it's core elements.Of course, Maxwell is taking examples from the ultimate leader, GOD. This bible is easy to read, accessible for readers of any faith and I believe is a must have for any spiritual leader looking to excel in leadership and glorify the word of God or just plain lead and serve others.
3 ||| This guy is bold enough to apply Baroque bowing and fingering on a modern violin in an attempt to bring out Bach/Baroque spirit. He plays too fast for most pieces, like "perpetual motion", thus not so enjoyable. (No wonder it disappointed some.) If you really want Baroque experience, try Rachel Podger on a real baroque violin with baroque bowing. For more pleasant modern (non-baroque) interpretation, try Hahn. For more common and modern presentation, you may want to stick with Milstein. But this disc has some value, and the recording effect is quite good. I have not heard his other recording, but given he can do both kinds of bowing, he must be good, and his unique playing deserves credit.
3 ||| For those who haven't read tolkien, this would be a thrilling adventure. But for those who have read the Lord of the Rings, you would find a lot of similarities in the two books, such as havingthe elves, dwarves and human races and the nature of each. Brom played almost the same role as Gandalf in the book, both having guided and taught the heros of the stories.While the theme of the book is not very original, Paolini managed to write it from the interesting view of a 15 years old. There was a lot of fun in the book and definitely had more humour than Lord of the Rings.
3 ||| totally love this series but i had a problem with one disc. evidently it had a minor flaw or scratch and it made watching that one miserable. other than that, it was great.
1 ||| I am sure it works fine as an oven, but it really sucks as a toaster. There are only two heating wires on top and on bottom, which are at the very back and front. Because of the gigantic size of the unit, the elements end up too far from the item being toasted. The end result is that some items (tortillas for example) get baked (and totally dried out), rather than toasted.
4 ||| I bought this originally for our trip to TX is August. We used it as a portable crib for my then 10month old. It worked out well except that he wouldn;t fall asleep in it, kept crawling out. We ended up lying on the bed with him to get him to go to sleep, and then transferring him to the Lil nursery later. It did work out welll not to have to lug my pack n play on to the plane, as I was the only adult flying down with 2 kids (we met my husband there).We do use it all the time for the beach too. He usually eats lunch and plays a little while in the tent, and will crawl in and out. At this point he is really crawling everywhere so he doesn't spend lengths of time in it but it is still wonderful. I'm now expecting a new baby in April and a sure we'll use it next summer with him/her for naps, etc.
3 ||| Alien was a great horror film. Aliens was a great action film. Alien 3 is just an okay film. Ripley is a great character and the one that Sigourney Weaver will be always remembered. But this round the plot felt like it was already outdated. The one thing is Weaver knows Ripley better than the writer and makes the character three dimensional. Unfortunately, that is the only thing in this film that is three dimentional.If you liked Alien and Aliens, you probably will want this to get this film and Alien Resurection to have the entire set. But as a stand alone, pass on this and go for one of the first two.
3 ||| Love this series for the characters, but have to turn away from the graphic forensic gore. A frustrated love story intertwined with great science fiction.
4 ||| This is so silly and so "back in the day"! I laugh with every episode.True enjoyment.
4 ||| This is the type of book a person would read if they were utterly depressed about life. Unlike what someone said before, (which was not to read it if you are upset), I think it's the type of book to read if you don't want to hear about never ending horrors or the world gone bad. It's a sweet book. That's really all there is to it. Of course reading about anyone's death is horrible, but you feel at peace in the end like the characters did, because everyone loved the child, and she had the best life possible.Maybe her life was a little too wonderful. At times it was too idyllic, and life was too perfect. But I think it's enjoyable to read a book like that every now and then. Despite how predictable it was, I still finished it all in one night, and despite what most of the reviews stated, I was rather pleased by the ending. Not sad at all.
3 ||| I have a problem with dry eyes bad enough to change my ability to read an eye chart significantly. Taking these supplements seems to keep them more moistened and the ingredients are oils I've been encouraged to take anyway.
0 ||| I was disappointed by this book. The sections on gender point out the obvious and the parts on Arequipa don't seem too original. The book seems hurried to me. I've found better regional histories of Latin America.
3 ||| It was as advertised and is pretty nice, but a little small and thin for what I was looking for. I'd like the "made in China" to be less prominent on the back.
4 ||| We must don't forget that Incognito lead the way of a musical genre that combines elements of soul music, funk, disco, and another moods, beats and sounds. The compositions often feature chord structures usually associated with Jazz music and good music, but this time we have a album with a difference - real soul and beautiful compositions. Is it new? I think is a masterpiece, in especial way - Still a friend of mine - unique.
3 ||| If there is anything I really dislike, it's "cheap made" kitchen ware. That's why I use OXO items like these tongs. They grip well without having to squeeze hard, have a non slip gripping area that won't transfer heat if using in boiling water (they might if you left them sit in it a while, I don't know) I give it four stars because I don't like the locking mechanism. It extends up to lock the item closed for storage. Some may like it, I don't. I didn't allow that feature from allowing me from purchasing it though. Good tongs...
0 ||| It took forever for this to warm up and when it did, it didn't crimp at all. I may give it another try...my daughter was so excited to get this but disappointed that it didn't make her hair wavy.I'll most likely be returning it if they let me. The packaging is the plastic kind you actually have to take scissors and cut into. No salvaging the packaging on this one!
4 ||| I really enjoy this CD. The rhythms and tones seem so natural. "Na Ye" is my favorite track!
4 ||| This perfume is a good one. I read it in someone's blog and bought it. Would recommend anyone to buy this product.
3 ||| This is one of the classic "debunking" books of all time. The trouble is that the author avoids the truly mystifying and well, lies.Don't believe me. Google the author and the book before buying. To those of you who NEED for there to be an easy answer it won't matter, you'll buy this book anyway.
4 ||| I have to admit, my girlfriend likes it better than I. The scenery is breathtaking, but the musical itself is only good... NOT excellent. A far, far better musical is "My Fair Lady" just for sheer entertainment value. The dialogue is better, the plot is more interesting and well developed, and the lyrics are far more mature. But I do like the "Sound of Music" and all should have it for a wonderful family experience. "My Fair Lady" is better appreciated among adults...
4 ||| The scenery out West is great. Open and vast and quiet and clean.I have been out in that area and after the city - it helps to calm and center you and helps you to better understand the characters and plot lines better.
3 ||| the grider itself is just an ok grinder. I am more concerned with amazon with all of the hyoed up other charges which they do not tell you about. I am still waiting for the credits that amazon put on my card. Needless, unuseable charges.
0 ||| There isn't very much steam, very little pressure, and it isn't very hot. The steam doesn't even come out in a single stream: it kind of "chugs" its way out. I've used a steamer before - a little handheld one - and the steam was much hotter under much higher pressure, and much more plentiful. The salesman assured me that this would work just like the other steamer I'd used, but with the addition of a vacuum. This was completely untrue. The unit also feels clumsy to use. I find it heavy and the water tank is far too small.
3 ||| Les Vampires is discussed in very favorable terms by Geoffrey O'Brien in the Dec. 17, 1998 edition of the New York Review of Books.
4 ||| Recently I bought both 'Bingo Long' and 'Soul of the Game' and compared the two not on which is best but if they still hold up. Bingo is still entertaining but Soul has more 'soul'. It's also a very dark look at a time when men were judged by how they would behave in society and the irony hits you in the face. Today we have so much outlaw actiions taking place and people look the other way on black player's behavior. One such player during those cruel times judged by his character was Josh Gibson, who in any league would have been a bonafide slugger, hitter and catcher. That they choose Jack Robinson on how he would behave doesn't set the record straight. Soul lays it down by also showing two black men and their professional respect for each other. Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson. A good movie indeed.
4 ||| Best batteries by far! Great for starting a cummins when it's freezing. Powering accessories like air dog 150 and powering a 12 that hits like a son of a bi***. Without the needle moving on your volts gauge. Overall best batteries in the market!
3 ||| Alrighty.Firstly, I enjoy both the Barbie and Bratz seies of dolls.They both have thier pros and cons... Get over it, but BOTH do have flaws!Anyway... As for Barbie copieing Bratz, yes they do, but Bratz also copies Barbie.An example of this: Barbie first released swapping heads: My Scene dolls.Then Bratz followed...All toy manufacturing companies copy each other's ideas to make money. That's right ALL!And as for Bratz being a pain to remove from the box: Yes. They are.But they are not glued in place, they are tied in place.If you do not mind ripping the box or cutting it, it's easy enough.However, if you wish to keep it all intact, it is a pain and time consuming.Now stop this nonsense, and enjoy your dolls.
3 ||| Amon Amarth crash through the beerier of the current millennium with power and aggression. As a fan of more recent albums I was stoked to find this, their third release, on Amazon.com. It delivers with a slightly more aggressive sound than Versus the World and later albums. It is not a drastic difference though as they seem to tweak themselves only slightly between each record so as not to have a carbon copy of a past album, yet not lose any fans. I dig this album, and it has the guitar sound I have come to know and love by this mountain of doom.
0 ||| `UML in a nutshell' is a book I do not like. The terminology used deviates from what is commonly used in all other books on the subject. I disagree with the sequence in which the author presents the material and find his introduction to OO one of the worst ones I have ever come across. Trying to capture all of the UML in such a small book resulted in the book containing information that is only mentioned and not explored, leaving the reader confused rather than enthused. Finally, what does not help at all is the heavy use of bullet points throughout the book, which is a characteristic of the bad style this book is written in. I apologise to the author, maybe he is brilliant at what he does for a living (one never knows), but a technical writer he is not. END
0 ||| I bought this DVD for my sons who speaks French, because it says so on the Language description, but its not true. Amazon please fix!!!!!!
2 ||| This is not a review of the music. The music is of course awesome. But i get my copy of this record today and not only is the hole not drilled out all the way, but the label on one side is barely stuck on. This is not the first record i have purchased lately with badly drilled holes and poor label application.Once i drilled out the hole properly the record itself plays great.
4 ||| The book of hidden leaves "Hagakure" expresses the view of a man who lived in a time three hundred years past, but his words are still valid and usefull in today's society. They preach the values of men who will succeed in life, and if you take time to think about it they are still applicable for a person in present-day. "A samurai will use a toothpick even though he has not eaten. Inside the skin of a dog, outside the hide of a tiger."
3 ||| I have had good results with Beck Arnley products in the past. Ordered this one as it has metal end plates inside (vs paper as in some other filters) and it is larger (ie more capacity) than the standard OEM or other brands.
4 ||| My wife and I and our grandson really enjoyed this movie. The color is vivid, and the sound was great thanks to Bluray and Dolby Tru-Audio. We watched on our 95" Widescreen 2.35:1 projection screen powered by Runco with Autoscope. Being in the Hi-Tek business I found it very interesting. The Micro chip thing in the appliance is reality. All of these things will be able to talk to each other and their masters via the internet with TCP/IP over powerline. So while it is fun as a movie it does make you think does it not?
2 ||| Overall, I like this book. It's nicely organized, has good visuals, some good ideas...I give three stars for effort. However, I just can't stand the language used in this book. It's just too corny like they're trying to dumb down to a 10 year old. The patterns are also so-so---nothing special for all the hype this series has received. Props for trying to be hip, but it's "hip" in a Nickelodeon sort of way, very cliched teenager stuff with skulls and all.
1 ||| Having seen both versions, the first with Peck as Ahab, I would have to lean towards the original. The new version with Patrick Stewart had it's moments, but Peck as Father Maple looked like he was in a daze and didn't know where he was (or who he was) Peck's performance was rather disturbing. The actor who played Quee-Queg in this newer version was more like a cartoon. The actor in the 1950's version was far more convincing.Patrick Stewart wasn't a bad choice for Ahab, but to me it was more like Stewart PLAYING AHAB v.s. BEING THE CHARACTER. I kept expecting him to shout "ENGAGE" rather than "THERE SHE BLOWS".For students of the book, the original 1950 version was closer to the text. This new version had far too many added bits for the purist. If you enjoy remakes, (I don't know why) then go for it. If you are a stickler for detail, pass it
2 ||| This is an undoubtedly solid game. However, it suffers severely from plain looking graphics, and the play control is a bit gawky at times. Probably the worst bit is that the main baddies are unbelievably tough to kill, so I'm not even past the first chapter. Overall it gets dull and eventually you just give up on it. It had great potential, I love how it would tell a story, but it needs better design.
2 ||| The design of the targus product is fine, but cheap electrical connections and cheap fans limit the life of this product to a few months if used regularly. It does keep the laptop sufficiently cool to alleviate overheating. The Antec mat is better for about the same price.
1 ||| This book is nicely written with a rich vocabulary, good character development, and is entertaining. However, I find it very odd that it seemed to do very little with actual history. I'm not a stickler for the facts by any means, but I would like the story to atleast somewhat resemble events that may have actually occurred. The life of Subotai is fascinating and I'm sure contains many wonderful stories. This story, however, seems quite far fetched and a little too romanticized.I was thrilled to find this book at first because I thought it would be a perfect supplement to the other books I've read on the Mongol empire and Ghenghis Khan. But I found it to have very little to do with the other stories I've read nor any other historical accounts. I eventually lost interest as I was reading.It is, however, a very good story, if you care nothing about actual historical events.
1 ||| Tom Clancy is by far my favorite writer, but this book lacks something. I have been trying to finish it since November. To me, the story line is too far-fetched, and we have talked about going to war for over 700 pages before we actually do it. I don't know yet how it ends, and I may never know at the rate it is going. It is a disappointment for me.
1 ||| This edition is not very well indexed. If you go to "the beginning" it takes you to a preface. If you go to the "cover", on the second page after it is an alphabetic index labeled as "contents" but you can't go to it directly. So its a bit confusing. If you do find the "contents" you can select a letter of the alphabet and then browse that section. You can search for a word but if its a common word then every time its mentioned in the text you get a hit. For example, if you want to see the entry for "war" when you search for it you get several pages of hits for such things as "award", "reward", "afterward", etc.
3 ||| I thought it was about one love story but really it was 3 and they are all pretty good but all the same ending.
1 ||| I was so upset that after going to all of the trouble to make such a great print of the film and call it an anniversary edition that they would edit the "damns" out of the film.... Let's just say I replaced them with my own when I realized the film had been censored!!!I sure wish there had been an audio option that would restore the original soundtrack or even two versions available for purchase!!!
3 ||| For a pencil sharpener, I would give it five stars as it sharpens about as well as any I've tried. However, I placed it on a wood table, and noticed yesterday there are black rings from the rubber feet which have stained the wood and would not come up no matter what I tried. I am very upset as this was nice wood. So if you buy it, place something under it before putting on a wood desk!!!
0 ||| Don't buy this from amazon.com. Sponge inside of the carseat cover became a dust when I first open the box and the dust was spreaded everywhere. Nobody wouldn't want to use this dirty stuff for newborns. Don't be fooled by its price.
1 ||| People say one of the drawbacks for this game is--because it is too much like Roller Coaster Tycoon. However, I, a lover of almost all simulation games and Roller Coaster Tycoon, I disliked this game. Unless you find the concept exciting, do NOT buy this game.Unlike Roller Coaster Tycoon the scenarios are much more boring and broad and after a while (for me, two or three hours) the game became monotanous and boring. It was definately not worth the money and now it is sitting on a quiet dusty shelf.Also, unlike Roller Coaster Tycoon this game appeals to younger age groups. My friend's on (12 yrs. old) loves this game with a passion.So to conclude, I would only recommend buying this game if.....-The idea of building a zoo appeals to you.-If, you are not buying for youself, primarily younger people will take an interest in this.-You don't mind a somewhat monotonous game play.
4 ||| Some people might think that tATu is Russia's answer to Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera. They're completely wrong. tATu's music is so hopelessly addictive that you can't get the songs out of your head, and they're actually GOOD.The first track "Never Gonna Get Us" starts with a funky dance/trance beat, and even though the singer's voice is a bit shrill at the beginning of the song, the whole thing just grooves with energy later on. The next track "All The Things She Said" is, in my opinion, the strongest piece on the CD. Other great songs include "Clowns" and "Gay Boy."The only reasons I'm giving it four out of five stars is because the videos included on the CD are much too dark to view on a computer screen, and because the CD is short, about 40 minutes if you don't include the remix. But hey, this is one fantastic piece of music!
4 ||| Another strong entry in their catalog...wordsmiths that can create a tune and lyrics to bounce your leg and sing along. Wish they would get more credit for their contributions.
1 ||| Ridiculously overpriced, even for a textbook. There are actual mistakes littered throughout the book and the accompanying slides that were provided to the professor. The occasional error is understandable in a first edition, but by the 9th edition it's inexcusable.Yes, I am talking about the 9th edition rather than the 10th. Somehow after all these editions I don't think they've gone through and cleaned it up with the latest one.Maybe you think I'm just bitter because a new edition came out just in time for me to not be able to sell my 9th ed. back to the bookstore. Well, I won't deny that. But I will say that this is the first computer science textbook that I even tried to sell back.
0 ||| Her first book was a real page turner and I couldn't wait for this one to come out. This was a sleeper. The ocean voyage went on forever. I felt like I was actually on the voyage with the voyage never ending. I couldn't wait to get of the ship myself. The story line at the castle was a pick-me-up, but you had to read several hundred pages before you got there. I was extemely disappointed in this book and the only reason I finished it was because I didn't want to see the money I spent on the book wasted. The scottish dialect was also very distracting and I had to keep reading passages over and over to get the just of it. Save your money.
4 ||| Arguably one of Werner Herzog's best films. Cage packs a punch with some intense acting. Of course it's edgy and not for everyone as well as pushes the limits of traditional film-making. Get tranced by extra-long shots of wildlife as the music trips you into a 'though-you-were on drugs' daze. Quirky humor, crazed rants and a man breaking all the rules in a wreckless but focused and effective way. I'm not one to watch movies more than once, but have seen this one at least three times.
0 ||| The second worst book I have ever read. Dialogue is utterly atrocious and the plot just gets more ludicrous as you go.The first few pages seemed promising and having never read a Cussler novel before I was optimistic. After the first few eye rolling sections of dialogue I was starting to worry a bit, but we then progressed to Dirk Pitt's ridiculous stuntman abilities and I abandoned all hope.It reads like an Austin Powers movie plot line with a 80's Schwarzenegger movie dialogue.I like escapism as much as the next person but I just could not get past the awful writing. I had my wife laughing out loud when I would read out a paragraph. If you can read the "Hitler's Sperm" references without groaning then you might enjoy this action packed mess, otherwise try something else.
0 ||| i bought this for the spiral attachment and it came made of plastic, does not spiral at all.curling iron does get hot fast but have no luck using any of the attachments.
1 ||| Great movie-introduced afew new stars to Hollywood-makes you think-"is this where we as a society are headed"?
3 ||| The shark look incredidbly unfake but slow. The only thing realistic besides the look is that it rolles it' s eyes over white when it attackes it' s prey. But what the movie lackes in the shark it regaines in the cast which deliveres an amazing performance.
2 ||| I never tire of reading Gone with the Wind. I just preferred to read the hard back this time.
4 ||| I realy enjoyed reading this book. It started off a bit confusing but as the story progressed, everthing began to fall into place and make sense. This was one of those books that keeps you thinking about it for several days after you read it. It involves a way of life unimaginable to the standard person and really presesnt the question "what if..." I would recommend this book to younger readers with an imagination.
4 ||| I really enjoy this game, the multiple scenarios, the replay value, and the challenges are what make this game so good. The control scheme has been slightly modified but it's improved, each character has his/her own unique moves and abilities. Every survival horros fan should play this game.
4 ||| The advice given in this book is incredible. It starts off on what you should do when you meet/date guys, but as you get deeper into the book, it's really about how to have dignity and having your OWN life..and most importantly, that you are first, he is second. Incredible advice. Every woman must read this..
0 ||| How very deceiving the other reviews have been! I wonder if the author or his friends posted them. I read them and bought the book thinking it might offer a humorous side on the everyday life of Americans...I was very disappointed. I could not even smile. Grotesque, in some parts ourtight disgusting...miserly low class American life...at its worst. No wonder the author moved to Paris, although I do not doubt that "the city will always follow him"... If he has read the Greeks, he will know whom I am referring to....Don't waste your money on this one.
4 ||| Bought this set to decorate up the room for my baby boy and I really love it. It was bright enough in the dark yet not too bright to make my boy sleepless.
4 ||| Having recently become a fan of Buffy & Pals let me say this is certainly an eye opener for the 'scared of my own shadow type' that is me. Having caught a glimpse of a show on TV - it made me want to go out and see and find out more about Slayers/Watchers - and Vampires with souls. I recommend this box set as a must. Being lucky enough to have the UK version, which puts all of season one in a box set in correct order - I say that is an absolute must. Can't wait for all of season 2 to come out on vid - and am avidly watching season 3 as I write. Hope the series never disappoints.....
4 ||| Best cast yet!! Wonderful!!! I've watched it over and over and it just gets better each time! I think I'll watch it again.
3 ||| I picked up one of these used for fairly short money, to put in a 2001 Quicksilver Mac.It dropped in and works well.It is only incrementally better than the Nvidia GeForce 4mx that I had in there before, but has twice the ram on board, which does seem to make Leopard run somewhat smoother and with a couple more features.Not the newest or best, but a capable solid display card for an aging machine with new software.
2 ||| So what does the National Geographic Society have to say about the Book of Mormon?Dear Mr. Larson:Thank you for writing to the National Geographic Society.The Society has never used the Book of Mormon to locate archaeological sites, and we do not believe that any of the places named in the Book of Mormon can be placed geographically by the evidence of archaeology. So far as we know there is no archaeological evidence to verify the history of early peoples of the Western Hemisphere as presented in the Book of Mormon.I hope you will find this information useful.Yours truly,Pamela TucciResearch Correspondence(...)
1 ||| Look closely before purchasing. There are NO deleted scenes on this 2-Disc Widescreen set. Just another load of decent, but redundant documentaries. And on Disc One, the movie has car commercials and previews right up alongside the film in the menu. Very shoddy and shameless. For this amount of money, there should be no ads. And in this day and age, putting out an "Exclusive 2-Disc Special Edition" with no deleted scenes is highway robbery and flim flam. I'm assuming that PJ will be back to the well for some hideous Extended Edition months from now. But until then, he now outdoes only George Lucas for holding us hostage for deleted scenes.
4 ||| This singer/songer writer, Tina Dico (Tina Dickow in Danish) is absolutely fantastic. I bought the album because I knew three of the songs and I knew I liked them. But the more I listen to them the more I like them, and now I love them... The whole album is great!
4 ||| Not being a very avid reader of the classics I was quite surprised at the relevance of the story to the fiction of today, but masterfully written! As a 28 year old guy I'm not usually accustomed to picking something like this up, but at the encouragement of my wife and the audio book available I was welcome to the opportunity of reading/ listening to it. All in all I loved the book and would recommend it to anyone looking to expand their language and or their list of great books to read.
2 ||| I bought this thermometer because of the positive reviews I read on Amazon. It does give an accurate read on my ovens but it will not clip onto the racks in my Thermador ovens. I've tried to bend the clip but it won't budge. I initially did the oven temperature readings by resting the thermometer on the oven racks but it is a nuisance to continue to do this so it remains in my kitchen drawer these days...unused.
2 ||| When a kid is smarter than the adults fiction is in trouble. Kidnapping and child abuse are tough subjects, but a Judge who doesn't notify the police and a mother who isn't hysterical are hard to swallow. I've enjoyed Coulter's stories in the past but THE TARGET never worked for this reader.Savich and Sherlock do stop by for an encore, but without their normal punch. If you are a fan of her writing you may enjoy it, but for others pass this one by, Ms. Coulter can construct a better story.Nash Black, author of TRAVELERS and SINS OF THE FATHERS.
4 ||| Ah... listening to the dulcet tones of the Shaggs.The harmonies, the guitar solos and lyrics - so pure, and untainted by the bitter world we know today.It takes me back to my youth.I remember the joy as I tore off the coloured paper that Christmas morning to reveal my first ever six-string guitar. It was a sunburst Gibson copy. I was just 12 years old.I remember picking it up for the first time. It seemed very heavy and the metal strings hurt my fingers.And I also remember that, by the time the Queen was making her Christmas speech that afternoon, I sounded better than the Shaggs.
4 ||| Bernstein started a bad trend with his crossover West Side Story, in which Kiri Te Kanawa and Jose Carreras were painfully miscast. But that version has sold very wel over the years, so now we have MTT condcuting a big symphony orchestra and singers like von Stade and Hampson who try their best but feel all wrong. This is a great score, but here the whole sense of naive sailors on shore leave in the big city, plus the special jazziness of Bernstein in the Forties, doesn't come across. These are very sophisticated people trying to ham up WW II period charm--no thanks.
3 ||| wat is the song that is played during the party towards the beginning of the party it is in the house during the white party (...)
4 ||| I thought it was a good movie. I liked it before I purchased. A good one to have in my collection. Kind of edge of your seat sometimes. Worth the money and time watching.
4 ||| This movie rules. Its one of those you have to watch about five times just to get all the funny shit in it.
0 ||| When I hear "priest and rabbi " I expect to hear the joke next. Not in tnis film. Couple funny moments in the begining and boring melodrama for the rest. Why are these guys priest and rabbi but not carpenter and musician? And such great actors like Ben Stiller and Ed Norton look just stupid and pathetic, but not funny. Maybe because of Norton's directing. Also, heroine Jenna Elfman play is unbelievably bad, reminds me Macaulay Culkin in his worst. So save your time and money. This movie neither funny nor smart.
4 ||| If you enjoy E.E.Cummings, you'll enjoy this. It's one of those fairy Tales written for children, and best understood by adults!!
4 ||| A Matter Of Honor is another Jeffrey Archer tour de force. It is a typical Archer book in the manner that it weaves the story togeather through character development. The characters are all very interesting and it is quite a good tale that Archer tells. The best part for me is that the ending was a little bit different from what I was expecting.
2 ||| This was the first book I've read by Jeffrey Archer and I don't know if I will read another - I at least won't PAY to read another in any case. While the story was interesting enough for me to want to finish it to see exactly how it ended, I was often frustrated while reading it and came away feeling that it was unnecessarily long. There were several sections that felt to me that they did not contribute much to the story or were lengthened considerably for no real reason at all except if the author were being paid by the page. I also felt Archer tried to make the story super-complicated, almost as if taunting the reader to try to keep up with him. The only real praise I can give this work is that he enticed me to want to finish it, rather than reaching the 50 page threshold and deciding to not waste my time.
1 ||| Patterson is one of my favorite writers, but this one was a huge disappointment. It was a messy amalgam of many of his previous books -- the escaped victim a la "Kiss the Girls," the threat on Cross's family, a la....well, all of the Cross books, the help from a former bad guy...and the undecided ending. If this is the first of a series, then it doesn't enthrall me enough to pick up part 2. I am very unhappy to say this about Patty, but it's the truth.
4 ||| Robocop: Great, great sci-fi action film, famous mostly for it's extreme graphicness. Rated R.Robocop 2: Manages to be just as, if not more, graphic than Robocop. You can tell they try to be controversial too. (Kid as a drug lord, man holds a gun to a baby's head) Rated R.Robocop 3: New actor, Robocop learns to fly...almost no blood the entire film. Rated PG13.What the $#!@ happened?!
4 ||| This is the inspiring and amazing-but-true story of a man who obeyed God to sell his television and substitue prayer for his former viewing time.This is not an erudite theological treatise, but an account of the miracles that can follow simple love-inspired action. I have read it straight through for the fourth time and it does not get tiresome. Each time I read it, I am struck to think how many people God has asked to do something equally as bold, and how few have obeyed.Life-changing.
1 ||| I love Star Wars stuff.When I saw this game, I knew that I just had to have it. I was not expeting all that much, so I got what I expected.This review is for the Mac version of this game.The game is OK. Some challenges and some just really easy stuff. Interface is clunky and not as good as Starcrafts. Basically, just go and buy starcraft. It looks better and is more fun to play.Star Wars: Galactic Battlegrounds is a must for die hard Star Wars fans. But, if you are looking for a really fun game to play, try starcraft.
2 ||| all 3 crystals came with small damage. I am Ok but if you want perfect one take this one serious.
2 ||| I have to give the 3D and video quality a 5 star, but the "Global Warming Narration and audio mix a 1 star... The length is about a typical IMAX film would be.Jim Carey is the narrator, and it is at time difficult to hear what he is saying as the audio mix leaves him at a lower level than the background music and sound FX.The other part is the whole "global warming" being gently shoved down the throat, all the while contradicting their own narration. . . for example, he states that the ocean levels at one time were 400 feet lower than they are today. Yet somehow WE humans are responsible for "global warming"(what exactly did WE do those thousands/ millions of years ago to cause that rise in ocean levels?). There were a couple of other examples, but that was the most glaring one to me... So from now on, I'll watch it on mute with some other music.
2 ||| While this installment is the weakest of the three, it still has some exciting moments. All in all, I think the film tried so hard to top the first (best) Die Hard film, that the failure is that much more evident.The characterizations are not as well fleshed-out as in the others. The action scenes become predictable and less exciting as the movie progresses.I had to laugh at one of the BIGGEST continuity flaws I've ever witnessed in a big-budget movie: the plane that crashes is forced to the ground by lack of fuel. Why, then, does it explode in a HUGE fireball if it's out of gas? Somebody screwed up.
4 ||| Under the most liberal of interpretations, I would not qualify as a devotee of Stephen King. From time to time he has served as a nice change of pace for me. I found DREAMCATCHER to be a pretty good story and a fun book to read.It appeared to me King borrowed from a number of others, often paying tribute along the way, but the application of his personal spin deflected any concerns about "I've heard this one before." Two things I personally found creative were the warehousing aspect of our memory storage and the character of 'Duddits Cavell', a sort of Down's syndrome-afflicted Navajo translator of the mind-meld set.I really cannot tell you if King is back, I never knew he left. All I can say is this is a book that will not disappoint anyone looking for a good old fashioned "us vs. them" scary story.
3 ||| If you are new linux or are thinking of building out a linux box then this is a decent place to start. The basics of unix style administration are explained about as plainly and simply as possible. One short coming of the book is the lengthy discussion of installation which admittedly used to be a harrowing experience 5 or so years ago (seemingly the main argument against the adoption of linux by microserfs), but in the hands of Red Hat has become nearly as painless a process as any windows install and therefore is not that necessary. The only other problem with this book is that the version of Red Hat is 8.0 (3rd edition) i believe and only has some middle variant of the 2.4 kernel (2.4.17 i think), this is not necessarily bad but the 2.6 kernel is out and Red Hat has a new approach to the desktop with its Fedora build. Only buy this if you are completely new to linux and want to learn the basics.
3 ||| I'm torn between a 3 & a 4 star. The taste is good--without the overpowering saltiness of some soups. But, the silly blue lid is just too difficult to get off. I did manage not to spill any soup--you need to be careful as the cup is quite full. The noodles are wheat so not great for gluten allergies. It also contains MSG which I'd prefer to avoid. I did like the size--many microwave soups are quite small. Yes, it's a bit more expensive, but it's Progresso. It has a nice amount of chicken too but not very heavy on vitamins (except A). I think your satisfaction with this product depends on how you weigh taste vs. packaging.
2 ||| I agree with other reviewers that this book seems to be missing a final chapter. I found myself reading back over sections of the book, searching for clues since there are too many unanswered questions. And what was the point of setting this story back in the 80's rather than current times? I'd love a chance to talk to Sue Grafton about this book.
4 ||| We bought this book a few years ago, each time I reach for it and try a new recipe I have not been disappointed! I love the steamed fish with lemongrass and the southern chicken curry even pleased my teenagers. Prep time is fairly minimal if you stock most ingredients, and I find it easier to use store bought red or green curry paste. I'm a novice at Thai cooking, this book makes it tasty and easy!
4 ||| Mr Coffee beverage warmer is as good if not better then I expected. It keeps my coffee and tea as hot as I like it. For those who think it is not hot enough, who wants burned coffee? This warmer keeps my beverages at a nice hot temperature for as long as it takes me to drink them.
2 ||| This is strange. I ordered two of these pillows in one order but they shipped separately. The first one is quite soft and comfortable. The second one I received is extremely overfilled and hard. In fact, after sleeping on my side I woke up with an aching ear from the pressure! (I like firm pillows, but this is ridiculous!) However, according to the labels on the pillows, they are precisely the same model. I guess this is consistent with other reviews: some people describe it as very soft and others as very hard. So take your chances and see what you get. I can't use the hard pillow, but my cat seems to like it.
1 ||| Linda Howard can write five star books, but this is not one of them. Did you ever get the feeling that an author was killing time? Howard does in Open Season. I agree with the reviewers who said that this should have been a paperback. I want to like Linda Howard's books, but I will never again buy one of her hardbound books without looking it over very carefully first.
4 ||| Great Expectations is filled with ambition, greed, cruelty, and love. It is one of the best books I have ever read in my high school years. Get entertained with Mr. Joe and her violence towards Pip and her husband Mr. Joe Gargery.Also, Pip travels to France to become a gentlemen, which is one of the best parts of this novel.
4 ||| I am not going to attempt an in-depth review of this excellent book. Suffice to say that I feel this work to be the most informative and insightful biography on Joseph Smith and the founding of Mormonism that I have read: and I have read well over half a dozen major works on Joseph Smith, including all of his published writings. Bushman has covered the lot: the nature of revelations claimed by Joseph Smith; his growing vision as a religion maker; his weaknesses and mistakes; and his final moves that resulted in his death. The focus on the cultural setting is invaluable, in my opinion, in placing Joseph Smith in his world. Mormons back then were not very much like Mormons today in many fundamental ways. The successful emergence of Mormonism was as much a matter of timing and location as it was the work of Joseph Smith.
4 ||| Having just seen Million Dollar Baby, I have now seen all of the 2005 Best Picture Oscar Nominees. Suffice to say, it ranks right up there with Sideways, Ray, The Aviator, & Finding Neverland. The acting and directing are nothing short of superb, if not second to none. Morgan Freeman should be, in my opinion, a shoe-in for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his stellar work in this one. Hilary Swank, while facing somewhat stiffer competition, should win as well for her intrepid performance as Maggie Fitzgerald, an indomitable and prodigious performance that leaves little to be desired.Eastwood was simply extraordinary in his directing and acting roles as well, although I feel Jamie Foxx is undoubtedly more deserving of the Best Actor award. Million Dollar Baby asserts itself as a powerful moviegoing experience quite unlike any other that you will most likely see for some time to come. In summation, run don't walk to this one.
3 ||| Well I still like the show and the plot but I have one major problem. First they kill off Magnus's daughter, then they get rid of invisible girl. I liked both these characters. It appeared that everytime they started intigrating a young female actress into the show they would kill her off. It started to piss me off. Then Kate shows up. Now I like Kate. She is spunky and interesting but I keep thinking they are probably going to kill her off because the young female lead never seems to last long...
4 ||| I have a Keurig B100 at home and absolutely love it. Decided to buy one for second home and went with the B50....ended up returning it because it was very loud and vibrated the counter when it fills the reservoir for the cup of coffee.I purchased the B100 instead. Excellent coffee maker!
3 ||| because when this movie premiered in NYC years ago, it was panned pretty badly. Like one of the other reviewers, I too was in the Radio City Music Hall audience, as one of my cousins had gotten free tickets to see it. I know I saw it at least once on TV, on the late late show. Unlike the other members of my family, I thought "The Slipper and the Rose" was a pretty good movie. Richard Chamberlain was very appealing as the Prince, and the songs are quite memorable and tuneful.While I couldn't say it's the best movie musical I've ever seen, I nonetheless would recommend "The Slipper and the Rose" as a nice piece of entertainment.
4 ||| No matter how many ERB Tarzan books I read or how many times I read them, its never going to be enough. Love the characters, love the over the top plot and when I get to the end I start looking for the next one. What ever will I do when I finally get to the end of the series. Let's see...I KNOW...I'll start all over again.
4 ||| I wish I could give this more than 5 stars. Jaws is my favorite movie of all time and the new Blu-Ray treatment is phenomenal. It is so crystal clear and the colors so true, you feel like you are watching an entirely new movie. I just loved it!
0 ||| This has to be one of the worst books ever written. I don't understand the mystique surrounding Hemingway. There is no character development, the dialogue is juvenile and stilted and there is very little plot. I'll never get the time I spent reading this novel back; so do yourself a favor, and spend the couple of days it would take you to read this to read something worthy of your time.
4 ||| This movie is hilarious from start to finish. Rosalind Russell is the perfect person for this role. I have seen this several times and will probably watch it several more yet! This is one of my all-time favorites!
3 ||| I ordered two of these but they were not enough to cover the bushes. One of them was broken and had to be returned. I like the concept of the product but as I stated they were not big enough to cover the entire bush. We bought 4 more boxes locally to cover the rest of the bushes. They looked wonderful once they were done.
2 ||| Voice is the same it always was-- The standards are not well served by her rendition of them. The musical score on these tracks tries to hard to feature her voice and much is lost inn the meaning of the song. Some of the new songs are pleasant to listen too, but are not that outstanding.
0 ||| The printing is very very tiny. Less than 8 pt. Hard to read. Certainly not for children. I was very disappointed.
4 ||| This was a great fantasy book. I think it was good because it was full of action and imagination. It is especially good if you like knights and wizardry. This book was about a kid named William who goes on a spectacular adventure with a knight. He runs into trouble and has to defeat a wizard on the way. I recommend this book because it is fun to read and keeps you on the edge of your seat.
0 ||| Very, very disappointing. The main problem with this game is the fact that while the arcade version was a challenging, sweaty-palm action game, this has virtually no challenge at all. In fact, I beat the game in two weeks with all four characters at level 99 as the secret characters. This was put out six months after the game broke into arcades, and apparently more time should have been given it. Midway should have learned something from the previous editions of gauntlet on the nintendo, which actually kept some of the thrill of the arcade versions. Recommended only to diehard fans or inexperienced players.
4 ||| Not only was it a great scare for our Halloween movie scareathon, it was a great bargain and in excellent condition. Thank you
4 ||| I often wonder what goes through the minds of marketers or producers when they release a product that's half baked. What do they say or contemplate to themselves? Something like, "Aw, who cares about all that other stuff anyway?" or "Screw 'em, they're lucky to be getting this!" or "Heh, I simply don't care."Whichever, this is the beautiful music to a very entetaining film that we should have had many years ago, but are only now getting after two and a half plus decades?Oh well. Just be glad you have it.
1 ||| I have to disagree with most of the reviews on here about "Wishville." This album is really not very good, especially considering how talented the band is and how amazing their previous five albums are. First off, the album is too short...only nine songs. Second, not a single song is very catchy or remarkable. None of them would certainly have made the cut for the band's previous two studio albums of new material. Buy this if you're a fan, but if you're new to the band, pick up the excellent, rocking "Happy Days" (my personal favorite) or the excellent "Adam & Eve," which showcases all sides of the band better than any of their other albums.
0 ||| I just spent hours of frustration trying to get this thing to work reliably. Never got it working correctly. Netgear won't just let you install the drivers and be done with it. No, they force you to install their bloated and buggy configuration software which doesn't play well with Windows XP(apparently). So, after much cursing and hair-pulling, I took it back and exchanged it for a comparable Linksys adapter. Now all is right again in my universe. If you are looking for a USB wireless adapter, do yourself a favor and go back to the search page and type in L-i-n-k-s-y-s.
4 ||| Bjork might be somewhat of an acquired taste, but even if you don't like her you have to admit that she is completely original and unlike any other artist out there. Bjork is always ahead of her time! Not all the songs on Post blew my mind but the ones that did (HyperBallad especially) make this album one of my favorites. Become a Bjork fan, you can always wow non-Bjorkers with her wonderful voice and melodic weirdness :) (Plus, Bjork is so adorable! I love seeing her in interviews just to hear her talk! :)
4 ||| MY WIFE READ IT, SAID IT WAS OK. SHE AND I HAVE READ EVERY GRISHAM BOOK AND LIKED MOST. THIS BOOK BORED ME TO TEARS. IF IT WAS 10 CHAPTERS INSTEAD OF 40 PLUS IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A GOOD SHORT STORY. DONT BUY IT, BORROW IT IF YOU MUST READ THE LATEST GRISHAM.
3 ||| I will never ever get another book reviewed or republished by a library. I didn't even finish! It was that bad!
3 ||| I've seen better episodes on TV. Forgettable, don't even remember what it was about and it wasn't long ago that I saw it.
4 ||| This headset is actually really comfortable. I really don't opt for headsets that go over my ear and this one works perfectly. The sound quality is really good and people on the other end can hear me quite well. Great product and great price!
2 ||| Lets cut to the chase. If u want a better van damm movie. Watch no retreat no surrender. As for this one.save it for a day u got nothing better to do.its a time killer. If your just sitting around.lets get to the point.watch this one only if u need a time killer. If u want a movie with the sickest fights watch guyver2 .yall love it.and this one shelve it.
1 ||| Made in China....buy USA. That said, I could not find one made in the USA.During the purchase, I do not recall seeing anywhere that these needed assembly. As I am pretty mechanically inclined I found the assembly instructions a little lacking. After one false assembly, I could better understand what the pictorial view was trying to explain.This rail is built to fold down and then tuck under the mattress providing a self-storing feature. If the latching pins decide to become difficult, which they often do, using this rail in a dimly lit room is frustrating.I would not buy it again. I would buy one that is "L" shaped all the time and is not self storing. I borrowed one until like that until this one arrived and I found the borrowed one was much easier to deal with.
4 ||| This book was really good and made me think a lot more about society and censorship. We are already at the point where everything we think about has already been thought for us(news, magazines,media,etc.). I guess as long as one is happy with society we will always be ruled and brainwashed by the government. Anyways...read this book it'll make you think about real life and how lucky we are that society isn't as screwed up as it could be.
3 ||| Ce troisime volet de la srie tant aime au Canada est assurment celui qui contient le plus d'aventures et de rebondissements saisissants, le contexte historique s'y prtant bien. Les personnages ont bien vieillis et l'histoire est bonne et intressante. Cependant, personnellement parlant, il y manque un je-ne-sais-quoi dans le traitement visuel et c'est la raison pour laquelle je ne lui accorde que 4 toiles au lieu de 5, contrairement aux deux premiers films.
3 ||| This book will yank you in so many directions you'll be numb.Very dirty in spots. Calling it pornographic would pigeon hole it wrongly.But a fascinating mix of a modern story and a old legend. I enjoyed each one and how they mixed.I shouldn't like it (because of the violence), but I loved it.By the way, notice how the negative reviewers didn't surrender themselves to the stories and read every word. I skim some documents for work. Books I read everyword, and lose myself in the story.
3 ||| OK... I know how Dickens is supposed to be this wonderful author, but lets just face it - Its boring! Its not his fault, when he wrote everyone wrote like that, but these days its just too hard to follow.. The plot was really good tho.. almost like an old soap opera, with twists and turns everywhere.. Now if he could have written the same story in 200-300 pages instead of 500, maybe people would enjoy this book more!
4 ||| forget all the box office blockbusters that u sit through and come out of feeling empty. this movie is what cinema should be about. it will have you guessing, wondering, THINKING. what a concept, a film actually getting you to use your brain. this is not insipid entertainment. this is gripping and puzzling. u will find yourself talking out loud to your friends attempting to figure out the next step in the movie will be while puzzled about the previous step in the movie and figuring how it all connects. but dont talk too loud or for too long, youll miss something else! dont get up to go to the bathroom, dont get up for a snack, or be sure to pause the movie when u do. if u miss even a bit of the movie, youll be out of it to say the least! anyways, this movie is amazing and awesome and what film should aspire to be! 5 stars!
4 ||| Come on - a classic. Montag is iconic and impervious to criticism; c'mon, he hates burning books and he's a 'fireman.' Bradbury has created one his best stories in this tale of the near future, which tragically, is beginning to mirror our own. How many young people to I hear say 'I don't like to read, not my thing.' Are we so far away from Fahrenheit 451? Five stars.
0 ||| Maybe I would have liked it more if I was more familar with the Watergate Scandal and that time period, but this movie really annoyed me. Arlene and Betsy were too shallow and stupid to even seem remotely funny to me. They didn't really have any character at all, they just walked around making stupid remarks, and getting really enthusiastic about the president's dog. Arlene was sort of funny though, with her "crush". I'm trying to think of nice things to say about this movie, but it had no aptmosphere for me, I mean the sets were nice, but it didn't capture the seventies mood, and it was off the wall unrealistic, to the point of being stupid.
2 ||| This is the third one that will not play here in Australia, I orderd it from thr Australian site I was looking forward to watching this one again and world normally have given a 4 or 5 star rating depending on repduction quality.This movie is a classic and I believe it must have been a wrong delivery to Amazon as i do not believe that thay would make this kind of a mistake as my other moves do play and are of high quality.To Amazons credit they are refunding me.
0 ||| Wow what a dissapointment a big disapointment. I found the trailer funny and could not wait to see this movie and was the movie ever boring and bad. The trailer gives away all the funny moments and all the funny moments are when Uma Thurman's charactors tells Strepp's charactor about there sex life. The film is very boring and has hardley no funny moments, it also drags on and on and on. The acting is not that good also. Overall dont waste your time watching this waste of a movie.
3 ||| used this for a week down the shore with our 6 week old...placed his whole carrier carseat in it to keep him out of sun and sand...worked great...very simple to put together and take apart...only thing that could have been a problem, but wasnt for us, was that you need somehting in there to weigh it down from the wind...the carseat was heavy enough that we didnt have to worry. but i could see this being frustrating if you have just a toddler lying down in there, so just throw a book , folded up towel, shoe, etc inside each corner and it should work like a charm.
3 ||| I am 13 so it was tough reading this book but it was a great start to the Stephen king collection!
2 ||| you don't have to give $ilver more money, if your searching a spritual aproach you must read Marian Green's - A Witch Alone , if you're searching a new modern positive attitude read lasara Firefox's Sexy witch.
3 ||| It is a very good CD! My favorite songs were the ones that people sang.. I am kind of disapoined because I thought the charcters will sings their charcter themes... it was more backround music tho.. very Classical-ish! But a good CD!! 4/31 were sung.. :*( I wish more of them were sung!
4 ||| Middlebrook wrote a pretty good biography of one of our more important poets, though I'll say that Sexton is an example of the artist being more interesting than the art. What makes this biography so exceptional is the access Middlebrook had--she had access to Sexton's psychiatric tapes. Middlebrook can really give a full account of Sexton's life and psyche. And believe me, that woman was really screwed up.
4 ||| Koontz has outdone himself this time. Suspenseful and spellbinding, Servants makes one watch their back. So realistic and detailed you hear and feel yourself telling the characters to act on their emotions. You'll be reading well into the morning and then some. Outstanding!
3 ||| I have liked the movies since they came out, but I agree that the dvds could have been remastered with better sound and widescreening. I guess these will do for now given the decent bundled pricing. One quick question. Did anyone receive a booklet in the left sleeve of this set? There's an empty pocket in mine and it seemed weird. Is it just packaging or should I bother to return for a replacement? Thanks for any help from the Conan experts!
1 ||| I was very enthusiastic to receive this recorder for Christmas, but, after spending at least eight hours trying to record one LP record on CD, I have given up and am going to return it for a refund.
1 ||| Why anyone thought we needed a remake of a movie that spawned two sequels is beyond me. This version is merely a rehashing of the superior original Walter Matthau vehicle and since we already know what to expect, not nearly as fun. Director Richard Linklater (School of Rock) doesn't offer us any significant changes and even Billy Bob Thornton walks through his role as Buttermaker. Sammi Kraft has the pitches as Amanda, but not the spunk Tatum O'Neal had. The rest of the kids do okay, but are potty mouthed kids really funny anymore? And the climactic game offers no suspense since we know the outcome. Greg Kinnear does all he can as the superjock rival coach but why is talented Marcia Gay Harden wasted in her role as the mom? Beats me, but then the necessity for this whole movie seems superfluous.
0 ||| do yourself a favor - don't waste your time with this book.
0 ||| Unfortunately I saw this movie on the shelf and just grabbed it up, thinking it would be just as heartwarming as the other two. WRONG! The acting is terrible and the story is depressing. Not recomended at all!
0 ||| Sony made a big marketing mistake with this unit. It does not support voice commands, voice tags, voice dialing, or any handsfree calling at all, regardless of what capabilities your phone has. The ONLY handsfree call you can make from the unit is last number redial. All other calls must be placed from the phone as usual, then you must use call transfer to route to the bluetooth unit. This doesn't meet the legal requirements in the states or countries for which it was designed and marketed. It's a big disappointment, and a big waste of money.
3 ||| I like this video because it is an awesome true story of courage and determination. Somewhat similar to Phar Lap, it tells the true story of Archer, an Australian race horse, who is taken over the mountains to Melbourne for the inaugural Melbourne cup and wins! And he does it again two more times. There are a couple of unnecessary bad dream sequences, but overall it is quite well done.
1 ||| The only thing MS Press may publish that are any good are the Resource Kits. Packed with more information than you will ever need and will more than likely forget.This MCSA kit, on the other hand, lacks just about everything when it comes to detail and how-to. Don't be fooled by the cover. It's nothing but a chopped up version of all their other self-paced training garbage.How other publishers can stuff their books with tons of USEFUL information and Microsoft can't is beyond me.If you want to "build the skills" to do anything, look somewhere else.
3 ||| It isn't quite as good but it's definetly worth your money. It's similar to Dark Side of the Moon but it's more electronic and atmospheric. It's definetly up their in the top 5 best Pink Floyd albums. shine on You Crazy Diamond is my personal favorite track but they're all good.
3 ||| rifka was a girl that was trying to get to America. But the guards were on a look out for her because she was Jewish.
4 ||| An excellent book for anyone interested in using solar power. It's especially useful for anyone planning to build a new house. But anyone wanting the basics of solar (passive) heating and solar electricity will benefit.Paul gives an honest step-by-step account of his own building experiences, including the mistakes and what it took to correct them. I found the entire story very worthwhile and useful.If you want a solid overview of how to prep any house for alternative electrical power, you should read this book. If you're looking for practical info in the best use of passive solar heating, you can't beat this book.Jim, Montana[...]
3 ||| This book is great if you are looking for an explanation of subnetting, something which is hard to find. If you are looking for such an explanation, BUY THIS BOOK!Since I'm not a complete novice in the networking world, I found most of this book to be "fluff", but there was some useful information. If you prefer a book that is to the point, without silly analogies, this is not the book for you.
3 ||| It's not that it's bad, it's just not as great as it could have been. Lucy Pearls voice is not as strong as when she sang with her girls. The song has meaningful lyrics but when the boys start to rap, it looses it's cool
4 ||| Another reviewer complained that this book includes material originally written for a book on Access 95. That's true, but the examples were updated to run on newer versions, and there's also a lot of great new material.Chapter 5, "Taming Your Printer," was completely rewritten to take advantage of the new Access Printer object. Many of the topics in Chapter 11, "The Windows API," were changed to account for changes in recent versions of Windows. Chapter 12, "Automation," has new topics that show how to automate the newer versions of Office products. Plus, there are two completely new chapters--"Using Data Access Pages" and "Working with SQL Server Data."So, even if you have a well-worn copy of the classic Access 95 How-To book on your shelf, as I do, you'll find lots of useful new material in this new Access Cookbook.
4 ||| The author has dug up the names of all of the Jews they could find. It was very helpful to find neighbors and relatives and kind of a thrill to see my family members named.
3 ||| Bancroft and Zumpt did a great job with the content. Nabu Press's print job is blurry, but the free Google ebook also has blurry printing. Maybe no clearly-printed exemplars exist. Nabu Press says on an end-paper: "This book may have occasional imperfections such as missing or blurred pages, poor pictures, errant marks, etc. that were either part of the original artifact, or were introduced by the scanning process." Nabu did indeed leave pages 136 and 137 out of this book. I got this book on a sale for something like 7 or 8 dollars. I am not going to pay full price for Nabu Press books until they give up their right to omit pages. The paper and ink are fine. If Nabu has worked from a clearly-printed exemplar, the book would probably be an excellent print-on-demand. Until Nabu Press quits excusing itself for bad workmanship on its books, I will only be tempted to buy their books when they are at a 2/3 discount.
2 ||| It seems as though this has been done before. The same ideas, format, novel progression, and hokey idealistic themes are present here that have been in the "Op-Center" drivel, only stretched out to 700 pages. The only thing that this book has to offer is Clancy's detailed explaination of some of today's newer gadgetry. In fact, if one were to review some of the earlier novels and compare it to this book, one would have to wonder if Clancy wrote this himself or if he hired a ghost writer to do it for him. If you must read this book because you have been a Clancy fan, like myself, be sure to buy the cheapest paperback that you can find so that your disappointment can be minimized.
4 ||| Un album tout simplement renversant, extraordinaire, sensationnelle. Il est excellent sur toute la ligne avec une voix si bien cadr, si bien mis en evidence devenant la suite de se qu'ils avaient commencer avec Oceanborn, il revienne a la charge avec une disque presque aussi parfait. Un album tout comme le deuxieme, remplis de rebondissement, remplis de moment intense et de moment plus romantique avec Dead Boy's Poem qui est sans aucun doute la meilleur toute qu'ils ont faites. Souvent comparer a Dream Theater pour leur beat de piano, d'instrument progressif, ils ont sus selon moi allez une coche au dessus et nous offrir quelque chose d'encore superieur au membre de Dream Theater... En bref, il s'agit d'un CD dispendieux, mais combien il en vaut la peine, il est merveilleux et chaqu'un se doit de connaitre se magnifique groupe Allemand.
1 ||| I am a big fan of Dougles Adams books, at least in general.But this book is, at best, only marginally funny. Others have explored this topic, and with better results.The problem here is that Adams tries to make funny sounding words for things that don't have a name (like that little twist between link sausages), but constrains himself to using the names of small cities and towns from around the world. Occasionally, he hits a home run, but most of the words are strike outs.Disapointed.PS the 'name' for the link between sausages is kerry. Why, I don't know, and I have no idea why some think this is humorous.
4 ||| This is an awesome CD. Timeless songs done in a great understated style. Perfect for teaching these great patriotic numbers to your kids (or for learning them yourself)! Actually finding a vocal version of Dixie on the cd was an extra treat.
2 ||| This book disappointed me. I'm coming to really enjoy books by Susan Wiggs, but I feel this one fell short. Both the hero and the heroine were likeable enough. The story started interestingly, but then it started to drag and drag some more. The majority of the book (and I mean about 7/8 of the story) the hero was worked to get the heroine with another man, i.e. for most of the book we hear how much she is in love with another man. They were separated. More dragging. Then all of a sudden it seemed that the author remembered that the hero and the heroine are supposed to be together at the end of a romance novel and she quickly wrapped it up in about 2 pages; it was very anti-climatic. Maybe an epilogue would have left a better taste in my mouth. I just hope that her sister gets a better ending in her own story. I avoided giving this book 2 stars out of loyalty to Wiggs, but by no means do I think it deserves 5 stars.
3 ||| Had one of these up for just over a week. Its quickly filling up with dead wasps. Almost too effective - wondering if l'm bringing all the neighbors wasps to my garden?Main negative is that its a bag full of water and dead insects hanging from a tree - difficult to move once you've set it.
3 ||| Overall, a nice slip except for one of the straps. The adjustable loop wasn't connected and I had to tie it. I used the slip way after I bought it so I don't think I can exchange it.
3 ||| Benjamin Franklin, no matter which way you look at him, was a great American. I love the stories and folktales about him, his life and his wonderful words and sayings. This autobiography of his life was written by Ben Franklin when he was sixty-five. It was written in letter format to his son, and it he reminiscences about his eventfull early life. Throughout we see Benjamin's powerful literary style and his great humour. This autobiography is well worth a visit if only to get a first-hand look at a very colourful historical American.
1 ||| This can opener holds only a charge for one or two cans. Bought it as a replacement for another cordless can opener. The batteries inside are terrible and need to be constanly plugged in. I won;t be buying any more appliances from Hamilton Beach!
2 ||| Although I was caught up in this trashy novel trying to pass itself off as history, I did enjoy the author's style of story telling. I only got half way through, when I scolded myself for wasting too much time on this garbage. Nothing but glossy porn.
0 ||| I set it up according to the directions, clicked the scan button, and the contraption made a noise but never began the scanning process. Uninstalled it, then re-installed it, and the same thing happened. Complete and utter waste of my time. I gave it one star only because it had all the parts in the box.
3 ||| Its a ok book it is kinda boring at parts, I had to buy it for class which is why I have it. but It is a good book for class purposes
1 ||| I was disappointed when this arrived. Although the A900 fits in it fine, the white stitching on the pouch makes the case very cheap looking (think NY purse knock-offs). I can't honestly recommend this product.
1 ||| The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is one of those classics that I have been wanting to read for quite sometime. Years ago, when the movie version, starring Johnny Depp, was released, I absolutely loved it and fell in love with the story and characters. Well, this is one of those cases of wrongfully watching the movie before reading the book. They were so utterly and completely different.In all honesty, I didn't really like the book. It's really short and there was really no mention of the horseman until about twenty -seven pages in (36 pgs total). It just wasn't for me.I'll stick to Johnny Depp as Ichabod Crane, thanks.
0 ||| 2 down in 2 days(not to mention the brad nailer a couple of months ago).Had the gun for 6 months and a month ago, it seemed it was not feeding the nails properly, and then a couple of days ago BANG! It stops complete. I take it apart, and the hammer had snapped where it is connected to the piston, and the piston is sideways. THIS IS ONE DAY AFTER THE SAME THING HAPPENED TO MY PARTNERS GUN THAT WAS 8 MONTHS OLD!!!! My partners Bostitch Brad Nailer also died after about 3 weeks a couple of months ago, and another partners 15 gauge died a little while back and it was only a few months old. The old Bostitch guns we have still work. They use oil, they are a LITTLE heavier, because they are made of sturdy metal, not aluminum and plastic! Get a Senco!
3 ||| "My recent novel is NOT intended as an attack on Socialism or the British Labour Party (of which I am a supporter) but as a show-up of the perversions to which a centralised economy is liable and which have already been partly realised in Communism and Fascism. I do not believe that the kind of society I describe necessarily _will_ arrive, but I believe (allowing of course for the fact that the book is a satire) that something resembling it _could_ arrive." (G.O., letter to Francis A. Henson, 16 June 1949)This is not Orwell's best book. I've read it three times, and never failed to be underwhelmed. Try _Down and Out in Paris and London_, _Homage to Catalonia_ or _A Collection of Essays_ for insightful writing, and stay away from the satires (the other being _Animal Farm_).
3 ||| I recommend the use of the this CD for chronic insomnia and not acute. It does help the mind relax if that has kept you up at night like me. I have my acute insomnia under control with herbs, vitamins and acupuncture. Playing this CD when I first get in bed helps the best as opposed to using it later in the night when I realize I am in a funk and cannot get to sleep. I also use earplugs that allow me to hear my heart beat and breathing taking my mind of stresses that can keep me awake.
0 ||| The Jabra FreeSpeak BT250 is not ready to be utilized in the business enviroment. I have used it for three months with the new Sanyo Multimedia 7400 phone, I found: a VERY SHORT battery life, average reception, and a shorter roaming range from my phone {suppose to be able to move 30 feet away from your phone, I couldn't get it to work beyond 10 feet}. Additionally, people would often tell me that they heard excessive noise in the background when a moderate wind is blowing.
1 ||| There's a great chapter on setting your fees based on value, rather than hourly rates. Its the only reason I kept the book. (Although if I had known that was the only worth this book contained for me, I would have bought Weiss's "value based fees.")But hey -- if you don't already know that maybe you want a photocopier; or that clients are more impressed by good logos than by bad logos; or that you shouldn't go around working for free; then this is the book for you.
4 ||| The author carefully documents his examination of what was once called "pre-history" in the Western Hemisphere. Every facet of life here is described in good detail. I recommend this book to any pre-Columbian history buff.
1 ||| In agreement with other customer previews, Shamms Mortier has written a book not for the general Poser user, but of his own likes and dislikes. As his own graphical skills don't appear to be very polished (I am being kind here!) he shows his limitations by crude examples. By far, the largest drawback to this book is the fact that if you do not have other software (ie: Ray Dream Studio - as the author MUST have!) then the book is next to useless to a Poser (only) user.
4 ||| I saw the show in Chicago and it was brilliant! The story is so honest and heart-felt. Harvey did a magnificent job of not turning the show into a cliched "gay" play.
0 ||| I enjoy Grisham. The man can tell a story! But this time, it was a slow, boring story. This is even worse than Bleachers. It's predictable, it's uneventful,.....Very disappointing.
0 ||| I should have listened to the Bad Reviews of this Book, and not wasted my money.It goes into no depth in explaining how you actually achieve the globalised business that magically creates indefinite cash flow and passive income.The so called case studies that illustrate the concepts are again totally lacking in detail.The Book does not give you anything more fundamental than this vague concept of the "Agile Business Structure".Do yourself a favour and don't waste your time and money on this Book as I did.
2 ||| Rachel Carson forgets to mention the huge benefits that pesticides have brought the world and massively overplays their supposed downside. Even the hated DDT has almost certainly saved millions of lives by helping to eradicate malaria in many parts of the now developed world. Pesticide use has resulted in a far higher fruit yield than would otherwise have been possible allowing more people to eat more fruit - and as everyone knows, fruit contains many anti-cancer substances. Set against this, the slight cancer risks caused by using pesticides,if there are any at all, are more than worth paying.
4 ||| Like a reviewer before me, this, too, is my favorite hymn. And Schaub does an outstanding job of telling the story of John Newton, the man who penned the lyrics that were born of his own realization of just how amazing is God's grace.
4 ||| Lots of good advice. Wish I would have read it before I got my heart broken. Girls should have to read this in junior high to learn how to handle men better and not be a doormat.
4 ||| I read 52 Ways to Live Success...From the Inside Out! in just two days and keep coming back to it each week for reminders and inspiration. Some of my favorite "bite-size" lessons are the chapters on How to be Irresistibly Attractive; The Mindset of Positive Expectancy; Ten Seconds of Boldness, Twice a Day; and Ten Empowering Messages to Tell Yourself Daily. Jeanne Sharbuno's book is the best of dozens of motivational books with a "trust your inner guidance" approach that makes the process fun and increases your chances for success.
4 ||| I liked the Wallflowers from the beginning, but "Breach" is where you start to see the lyrics become personal. Jakob Dylan's reached down deep and come up with some winners. "Murder 101", and "Some Flowers Bloom Dead" are two favorites--right now. I cannot consistently say there's just one song on any Wallflowers CD. Their music is consistently good and interesting even when it's not the most recent.
0 ||| I too have experienced the plastic cracking and breaking. Would not buy another.
3 ||| I think many of the concepts featured in this book are useful in helping me improve my running posture. However, I think this is a concept created by one person that works for that person - and has fortunately worked for enough other people to become a 'craze'. Based on the number of years I have been a runner (25) and the number of injuries I have sustained (3), this system of Chi Running is not something I am going to spend a lot of effort trying to learn. The most useful things I took away were some breathing techniques and some posture techniques, but this 'flat foot' way of pounding the pavement simply does not feel natural to me.Just like everything else in life...take a little bit of different things, think and act critically about it, and make it your own.
4 ||| Great book! I could hardly put this one down, and whenever I did put it down I was constantly wondering about Adrian and Bill! To this date I have not given any of her books five stars, except Jewels. I guess I'm waiting for one of her books to beat out that one! Seems impossible!
4 ||| This book is GOOD. Very, very GOD. It's the best book in Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time, for which I offer my heartfelt recommendation. The end is quite possibly the best conclusion to any book in the HISTORY OF MANKIND. It's rivaled only by the end to the most recent inclusion to The Wheel of Time, Winters Heart. All in all, I would recommend this series to anyone, whether you are in general a fantasy fan or not. So far I've found one person who didn't like this series, and I didn't like him anyway. Jordan's manages to verbally illustrate a spectacular world which is sure to entrance the person fortunate enough to read it. I've read the series three times, which is both sad and miserable, I know, but the main point of this ceaseless rambling remains; READ THIS BOOK.
0 ||| This is Ms. Cole's worst offering. I totally loved "This Fire" and most of "Harbringer". This album is laced with Mariah Carey sounding vocals (who's doing the high stuff? - NOT Ms. Cole), Alanis 90's disco grooves, and Dr. Dre sounding beats. Her lyrics I might give 2 stars to, but there very self-centered and pretentious most of the time. This was a drag becuase I have been a fan of Paula's since her days with Peter Gabriel - but this "Amen" album is terrible. I was totally dissapointed. Thanks for selling out, Paula.
4 ||| One of the highest review movies by the experts. I frankly don't believe it was quite as good as the original. Yes, the special effects are better and the love story angle is still very intriguing. But at points the movie slowed as they did so much set up on re-establishing the love story line and Spidey's attempt to forgo his career.Don't get me wrong. I really liked the movie and recommend it strongly. But the first was just as good or better. They do end with a great lead-in for the next. And yes, I can't wait.
1 ||| I found this book offering a somewhat scary look at society. Golding seems to think that without society men are just in need of violence and sex, and the book totally forgets about women. I did not care for this book, and found it somewhat hard to follow.
4 ||| Sam Elliott has the ability to both stamp his authority, and to give crediblity, to any film which includes him. For sleight of hand students it's always a genuine pleasure to watch the masterful card artistry of the great Ricky Jay (the cook). No camera tricks required here.A wonderful and believable tale for the whole family.
2 ||| I bought this cd for my daughter. I am waiting til Christmas to give it to her so I am unsure how to rate it yet!
1 ||| I fully agree with the reviewer who gave this camera only 2 stars. I have just tested one, which I bought for my wife as a Christmas present, and everything he wrote about the P150 is true. I spent the whole afternoon, took 152 snapshots, and found not a single mode that would give my wife an easy way to use this camera. Even in full manual mode about 40% of the easy shots I took turned out to be blurred or underexposed or both.I have been a VERY satisfied owned of Sony's DSC-S85, which is a great, great camera. (great lens, very good flash, decent firmware) The P150 is such a disappointment that it is hard to believe it is made by Sony. It has seriously shaken my trust in this brand and I am now wondering whether I should do the previously unthinkable: buy a Canon? :-(
3 ||| Consider starting with "Insulate and Weatherize: Expert Advice from Start to Finish" by Bruce Harley instead which is a more practical "Go Do It" book with lots of photographs. "Residential Energy" does have more formulas and the like.
1 ||| My husband gave me these cables for Christmas. Sometimes I get the feeling he gets me things HE wants, like that BMW 1200 GS motorcycle and the season court side tickets to Lakers games. Has he forgotten I'm legally blind, for Pete's sake? If it's the thought that counts, I have to ask: what the heck is he thinking? I normally only use an iPad shuffle.As for the cables on the living room stereo, I can't really tell the difference between these and the last ones, even though my near-blindness has supposedly sharpened my other senses. Heck, i still can't tell the difference between a Merlot and a Malbec. So much for heightened senses.Frankly, he may have given me these ridiculous cables because I found out he's sleeping with his new dental hygienist. Other wives might be upset, but...I just found the receipt.
4 ||| Was very happy with this. Came in exactly the same condition as promised. Very good price!
2 ||| This book was okay but boring it has no action it also did not change from a little girls voice to a big girl or women voice
0 ||| This was a school assignment for my son. I read the book first so I could quiz him on it. It is in my top 5 of the worst books ever! Don't waste your time...unless it's a mandatory school assignment.
3 ||| "Home Fries" is basically a dysfunctional comedy-drama about two brothers out to kill their unfaithful father's mistress, a fast-food cashier, because their vengeful mother (Catherine 'O Hara) asked them to. The mistress, Sally, who is nearly 9 months pregnant (Drew Barrymore), unwittingly charms one of the brothers (Luke Wilson) and falls in love with Sally. Then, things go downhill. The other brother, Angus, figures out Sally is their dad's mistress, and Wilson wants to protect her, because Angus wants to kill Sally.Despite the dysfunctional plot, "Home Fries" is affectionately charming, witty, and not exactly seamlessly fits comedy, romance, a little mystery, and drama. All in all, "Home Fries" is good family fun, despite its PG-13 rating.Rated PG-13 for thematic elements, language, and brief violence.
3 ||| Not so much a collection of the best songs as it is a collection of songs from other compilations, single B-sides, and other rarities. (And yes, their single hits are included here as well.) But having all of these songs in one place rather than having to hunt them down individually is definitely a great asset.The best news of all? Sixpence is back together! Their new album (a Christmas collection) has just been released (as of November 2008) and more is on the way. Can't wait!
2 ||| Cor, eh-e-un wif eh-e senz noz at Oasis iv betta van vuh Be-ohs. Vey iz moy inspa-a-shun, yeh? De Be-ohs kent old uh kendo to me mayts in Oasis!
0 ||| What a stupid book! I was expecting a good read, but the writing was pretentious and pedantic and the plot was pointless. I'm so disappointed!
0 ||| My husband & I listened to this as a book on tape on a recent road trip, most of which was at night, during a winter storm watch. I mention that because it was stressful driving, so perhaps we didn't give the story the full attention it deserved...nevertheless, we followed it closely enough to be infuriated at the ending--or lack thereof. I can't remember another book of this genre leaving the reader so thoroughly unsatisfied and frustrated. This was my first Patterson experience, and my last.
2 ||| I unfortunately haven't had the privelage of seeing the original version, but I did pick up the DVD Director's Cut, which i'd be embarrased to attach my name to. The movie drags out and the "ruthless enemy" seems to have a kind heart. The ending leaves you puzzled and instead of wanting more you are relieved that it's over. Despite that, the effects for the year of this picture are fantastic and the picture quality is dazzling. It's probably the most realistic possible outcome in a sci-fi film of Los Angeles that I have seen. All I can say is rent before you buy. I wish I did.
4 ||| This movie has a wonderful and fully devloped story that reveals itself slowly during the first part of the film. It is filled with family drama, sexual tension, and one mans deep love for his family when he knows he is dying. Well worth the long movie time, and being dubbed in English (I am American and don't speak Danish). I am still thinking about it today, after watching it yesterday evening.
0 ||| If you are a industrial rock fan and you own this album, you should be ashamed. This album isn't worth [...] to most industrial music. It's missing the complete vibe with syths and keyboards.Manson needs to get back to the old days when he was edgey and sick. ACS and PoaAF were by far his most poetic and incredible albums. This sounded like something a random kid with a computer made up the syths and added to screaming and bad guitar playing. (Which is still better than most bands.) In short this album wasn't worth a 3 year wait. Get back to what you know Manson!
4 ||| Love the razors.. Been using them for three years now. Always smooth results..and the price is unbeatable. You will not find it cheaper anywhere else.
4 ||| I fail to understand why a lot of people dislike this movie. From the beginning scene I was captivated and never moved out of my seat till the end, and it still had me thinking until the next day. I admit, it does seem a little confusing and leaves a few strings loose in the end, but that seems to add to the brilliance of this movie. If you loved movies like Phenomenon, Michael, City of Angels, Starman, etc I highly recommend this. Absolutely beautiful!
0 ||| I tried twice to order this item. Apparently there's a problem on the warehouse end -- both times only one keyboard arrived. If this item is actually a five-pack, then the DC needs to correct which item is delivered when this item is ordered. If it's *not* a five-pack, somebody needs to correct the description (and the price!) in the database, or delete the entry entirely.Oh, and the topper was when my *second* complaint email received this gem in reply: "Since it's likely another replacement would arrive defective, I won't trouble you with another order."Worst. Amazon. Experience. Ever. :(
1 ||| I may have read the description wong but the DVD won't play. States wrong source. In small letters on the box it says it's the UK version. Can't fiind by receipt so I can't return it. I was really looking forward to sharing it with someone special. :(
3 ||| I first read Jesse Stuart 30 years ago in high school. I remember giving an oral book report to my English teacher and expressing surprise that rural Kentucky teachers continued to teach even when they were not receiving their pay. I remember my teacher telling me-- in all sincerity-- that she would do the same thing. Wow. I never looked at teaching the same way again!The only reason I give this book 4 instead of 5 stars is that I wish Stuart had delved more deeply into the characters in the beginning of the book. There was certainly enough material there for an entire book by itself-- then Stuart could have used his years as a high school principal for a second book.
1 ||| Bought this as a gift for my niece and won't play in many types of DVD players. Might be burned copy from original?
0 ||| Wow, are you kidding? Words don't express my dissatisfaction with this pile of dung. Mad Max was fantastic, Road Warrior was wonderful. This bomb should have been used as a directors training film on how to mess up a sure thing. I guess it's just too easy to foul up a sequel when you can't figure out why the audience liked the originals and your star isn't really interested in the project. Sorry Mel, but even you can't save this one.
4 ||| These guys a great noirish lo-fi vibe thang going on here. Just saw them play at the Evening Muse here in Charlotte and the two guys (they are brothers: Faircloth, not Houston) play a slew of instruments simultaneously without looking or sounding like a circus act. Very groovy, bluesy slo-mo stuff with guitars, keyboards and drums an dsome electronic undercurrents. I was thinking a more serious and chilled Beck at times. Great for cruising around southern cities at night. Or any other city, town or dell for that matter.
2 ||| I bought the Barnes and Noble edition of this book back in 2004. I just got around to reading it. I enjoyed it a lot. It's a rich novel with lots of still-relevant insights regarding life. But the edition! There were spelling mistakes or typos on practically every page. It's jarring to read and it began to drive me crazy towards the end. Hopefully there is a new Barnes and Noble edition of the book and they have since corrected these mistakes.
3 ||| This book will explain to you why and how pesticides affect the enviroment, you and your family. It opened my eyes on the importance of organic agriculture to my health.I read one of the reviews, and it pointed out that someone drank DDT and didn't get affected... Well, in the book, a scientist drank DDT, and died immediately. The negative affects of pesticides have been widely documented, and not just in this book.One big draw back of this book! It's excruciatingly boring.The bottom line:this is a classic book;if you don't believe in why organic is important, read the book;if you believe that pesticide/chemical environment is bad for your health, read it if you want to know the scientific explanation.
1 ||| Substituting capitalization for italics is unacceptable. Also, multiline verses are collapsed into one unbroken line.
0 ||| After reading this book, I felt very disturbed about the topic. It has no clear ending, and is just badly written. Don't read it.
3 ||| As a teenager G&L were one of my favourites, so I bought this to compensate for losing their LPs in a house move many years ago. While some of the tracks are still good (Runaway, Heart on my sleeve, Breakaway) I seem to remember a lot of material that was better than the stuff that has made it onto this 'Best of'.
0 ||| I hate to write a negative review...I had such high hopes for this little tent. But the truth is, there is no way to secure it in the sand or prevent your little guy or girl from tipping it over again and again.The tent itself seems very strong and well-made. However, the poles don't dig down into the sand, and there are no pouches on it to fill with sand to weight it down. From what I hear, the Infant Cabana from One Step Ahead (although more costly) is a much better way to go. I guess you get what you pay for.My son was able to play with his toys in this tent, but once he saw people outside, he was pushing on the mesh screens to try and get to us, and the tent just kept tipping over. Very frustrating and NOT relaxing at all. We spent a week at the beach and used it only once before we realized it was pretty much useless.If I had it to do over again...I'd try One Step Ahead. I've never been disappointed by them. Should've known better.
1 ||| Just got this Blu Ray and just found out there is no DTS sound unlike what the description says on Amazon. Wait for the better version!
0 ||| This study guide really upset me. It just a bunch of questions, but without answer. What good does a study guide do when there is just question but no answer. If you wonder why I bought the book is that because this book bundle with the textbook, it is the package I bought, and non-refunable once you unwrapped the book. The text is an excellent book. If there is anything lower than a 1 star, I will give it to this book.
1 ||| I was disappointed with this book. I expected to learn more. I probably would have benefited more by purchasing an American Sign Language book. It was also very overpriced considering one can get through the entire book within an hour. The concept of teaching your child to speak with their hands is very interesting and I am very excited about trying it with my daughter, but this book is not necessary for that.
2 ||| generally product met expectations, it was missing a key gasket which cost $35 and one of the muffler hangers needed to be modfified to avoid contact with body
1 ||| As we used to say in the submarine service . . . you get a double punch on your Hurter Card for sitting through this. How did they get Dennis Hopper to sign on for this one? It looks like it was filmed with a camcorder. During the semi-nude scenes I found myself looking for holes in their underwear. I'll give it 2 stars since it was in color and had sound.
4 ||| This movie is a timeless classic. Jessica Rabbit is still one of the hottest actress in cinama to this day. Excluding Alyson Hannigan and Linda Cardellini. Christopher Lloyde shows he has true gritt.
1 ||| These leggings were great out of the package. They fit perfectly and were very soft. However, after the first washing they shrunk quite a bit and the softness was lost. I wouldn't buy them again.
0 ||| I just purchased XML for Flash and am disappointed in the quality of screen captures and editing in the book. The second sentence in chapter one has an editing error, "How can you store your data so that is simple to use but also adheres to web standards?" The screen captures are frequently illegible and practically worthless. I won't purchase another freindofed book until they develop a quality product.
4 ||| Very good price for the stonger dose of Vitamin A I look for which are not always easy to find without visiting a health store with overpriced products. This is exactly what I want and I am VERY pleased to find it in the dosage and price I was looking for. Expiration date of 10/2015!
2 ||| it's very difficult to find a book that treats crochet with the same new-found respect that's given to knitting, and while this addition to the stitch n bitch line up is good in that respect, as for learning and inventive ideas, i would by far recommend Erika Knight's books, particulary "Simply Crochet"
0 ||| If you are looking for well-developed characters, an interesting storyline and fascinating background information - look elsewhere. I have struggled through 1/2 of this book and thus far have found it to be little more than tedious scenic descriptions (which run on for page after page) peppered with sexual encounters (which are so poorly written as to be laughable). I am returning this book to the library unfinished because I cannot bear to read one more page and am quite relieved that I did not waste money on this drivel. Unless you honestly enjoy books which use phrases like "tumescent manhood" and "pulsating nodule," I would strongly suggest you avoid this book like the plague.
1 ||| I thought STAR TREK THE MOTION PICTURE was too long and drawn out. I mean I liked seeing KIRK, MCCOY, and SPOCK and all the rest of the original series characters but I didn't get the whole VY'GER storyline and the action in this film takes too long to appear in the film. Anyway see STAR TREK II instead you'll like it a lot better.
4 ||| I bought this cd because i liked where the arty at and i heard ludacris and trina were on it. Their r 2 good songs on this cd and one thas=ts ok. My favorite song is cut something feat. ludacris.of course my seconds fav. is where the party at. the okay song is goodbye. I am rating this cd from a rap point of view.
3 ||| while i think the design could be better, i would recommend this for muscular back pain. it provides drug-free relief from pain for me. it's not a cure-all but helps a lot.
1 ||| I write this assuming you already know the story A Charlie Brown Christmas. Be warned that the audio on the Warner Bros version is a half second ahead of the video. It is more noticeable on the sounds (tapping of the aluminum tree, tossing of the directors horn) than on the dialog. This seems to only apply to the Warner Bros DVD, and not the Blu Ray.I am not sure if I like the video on the Warner Bros either. It is a sharper image; but it also seems to be a negative quality.This is a Christmas special that people watch every year. If I knew then what I know now, I'd have purchased the Paramount version from http://www.amazon.com/Charlie-Brown-Christmas-Ann-Altieri/dp/B00004W5UM/ref=sr_1_3?s=dvd&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1291690784&sr;=1-3 .One more comment: The 'making of the Christmas special' is a nice feature that is included on the Warner Bros version.
4 ||| In a few short pages, Toole had me hooked. The characters were well developed and immediately I was emotionally involved. The lunacy of the situations added to the story as much as the deep descriptions of sights, sounds and locations. What I found most amazing was how timely this novel is. While it was written many years ago, it is a story for our time, with many adult children returning home to the nest. I wouldn't be surprised to find many Irene's out there, just wishing their "boy" would "make good"
1 ||| I actually borrowed this CD from a friend - I didn't want to throw my money away, I just needed to satisfy my curiousity. Smart decision. If Rush was unknown, and this was their first CD being played for the record execs, they would never get a recording contract. There's no substance here. Boring, mundane, uninspiring. I don't long for the "OLD" sound of Rush, I just hope that one day they recapture the MAGIC they once had. There's nothing wrong with changing your sound, you just can't be lazy and change it to junk. Too much filtering and electronics. Go back and listen to the blockbuster song "Spirit of the radio". The song was an enormous commercial success for many reasons. I'm not looking for another "Spirit", but I would like something equally bombastic for a change. I don't expect magic on every record, but once every couple of decades isn't really asking too much. Until that day comes, I've got very shallow pockets.
4 ||| This is a beautiful, durable, quality item. I recommend this briefcase to anyone. For those wondering if it will fit a 17" macbook pro, YES! My 17" macbook pro fits perfectly with plenty of space for the power cable and other documents. It fits the equivalent of up to 3 17" MacBooks with room to spare.
1 ||| I purchased this hand held shower as an addition to my existing bathtub. I am changing over all my fixtures to brushed nickel, and expected that the mounting bracket would have the same finish as the shower head. No so with this model. The mounting bracket is grey plastic and makes an otherwise nice looking shower look cheap. I did not open the package, so I cannot comment on how it performs. I am returning it because of the grey plastic mount.
4 ||| This is a wonderful toy. My son has enjoyed watching it since he was 8 weeks old. He is now 6 months old and it has grown with him. He now practices his fine motor skills with the switches and turns it on by himself. It is very soothing for him to fall asleep to.The volume switch is very nice. It's has a wonderful variety of sounds to chose from, the ocean's waves, rain, crickets, etc.The only down side I have noticed is that if you use the bubbles setting, it runs the batteries down. But in my opinion, it is definately worth the batteries, it's just a hassle to have to un-attach it from the crib.I would buy this toy again without hesitation.
1 ||| I ordered this when I got a new Dell desktop and needed to connect with the wireless network in my home. It was easy to set up but that is the end of the good news.This adapter just randomly looses its connection to the network. In the space of one hour, it will loose its connection at least twice, if not three times. Reconnecting is no problem - I just click on Repair and it goes through the motions and connects back right away. I reinstalled it a few times but the same thing happens.This is a very irritating feature, especially when I am using Skype! I have had enough and I am ordering a new adapter from a different manufacturer!
2 ||| I bought the Wahl 4000 to replace an older Wahl model that I loved because it cost less than replacing the cutters and screen. The 4000 shaver seems to effortlessly suck the hair off your face without any sensation but, the trimmer is about as useful as a dull butter knife to remove hairs too long for the shaver. So, I'm still using the trimmer portion of my old Wahl.
0 ||| This was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, and if I could, I would give it no stars. It even insults the average action/horror fan's intelligence or appreciation for some type of entertainment. I mean, this wasn't even engaging in any way, shape or form. Actually, I take that back, Donnie Wahlberg as a retard was pretty funny.
2 ||| I rented this movie because a lot of people said it was sooooo good. It's not. It follows the exploits of a doofy guy who lives with a bunch of other slackers and dolts, and shows his semi-pathetic efforts to win back a woman he had an affair with long ago. It's not a horrible movie, but it isn't really very good, either.
3 ||| I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck, and I have not had any problems yet!!! A few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive (sometimes when it is on I do not receive any traffic) but that is about it. I enjoy Cobra products, this is my second radio (I just traded up from a 25NWXT), I have a Cobra HG2000 Antenna, and I am waiting on a Cobra Mic for my radio. So far no problems with any of it and I hope to have none down the road!!!!!
4 ||| I am refering to Hangmen - apparently Sandra Bullock's screen debut. My jaw dropped and soon I was rolling on the carpet in spasms. So much silly dialogue and unexplained action are the very essence of a good bad movie. The directing and the photography are acually quite good and show New York at its grittiest. Sandra Bullock gets shot with a kind of a tranquilizer bullet - you know, the ones they use on enraged rhinos in wildlife parks. No, really, I can honestly recommend that one. The rest: forgettable (The Inside Man), truly annoying (The Sell Out).
4 ||| I, personally, am not a lesbian. I would recommend this movie to any of the "GaY Phobia" people. The fact that Mirren turns out to be a lesbian has no baring on the emotions you will express while watching this film. It has a wonderful cast of characters and exceptional use of words. I would recommend this to anyone 13 yrs or older, of any gender, and any sexual prefrence.
0 ||| To Make an Eragon:Get a can of Lord of the Rings and pour it in a big pot.Add a couple of handfuls of Star Wars, a dash of Earthsea,and a pinch of Harry PotterStir together until not very well mixed.Dump in a large bag of obscure adjectives.Pour in a carton of monotony and useless descriptionMix until mixture resembles throwupPour into pan and bake until charcoal and smellyDecorate nicelyAsk your parents to market itGo on a giant sales tour, bragging about age and TolkienismPromise a thrilling trilogyWatch people devour your cake but run away before you see them throw up - then ignore any and all advice that might help you to make a better recipe and continue stirring up the same unedible slop.Copyright Christopher Paolini (even though his material infringed about a million of those circled c's)
0 ||| I bought this tent on 6/6/2005 for my 10 month old boy and used it once at the pool the rest of the time it sat in my dining room. I went to bed one night and it was up, but the next morning it was halfway down. When I went to see what was wrong I saw that one of the rods had snapped off in the metal holder and cannot be fixed. This could actually suffocate a baby if noone was in the room or the baby could hurt themselves if they found the broken rod. I was very disappointed because the size is great. I also agree with the other reviews it is hard to put together because the rods are so tight you have to have alot of strenth to get it set up. Please don't buy this we are going to return but it's such a hassle to spend 39.99 plus tax on something and it breaks in less then a month.
1 ||| Tea helps relaxation when not boiled, try boiling water and putting two iced cubes in water before steeping. Otherwise, the kavalactones are killed by the heat.This tea has awful stevia sweetener. Maybe I'm not just not used to it, but I don't like it. I don't want the tea maker deciding how sweet my tea should be, especially with this trash stevia.
2 ||| We used this for less than 21 days for a guest. It does everything as advertised except that it began to leak air; by the time you wake up in the morning, it has shrunk to less than half it's inflated height. There is a patch kit included but we could not find where the air was coming out. We had to return it to Amazon. We bought a single folding bed instead with a memory foam mattress, not compact but less risky than an airbed.
3 ||| It's a beautiful work of art, don't get me wrong. But it's extremely short, for the $40 I paid for this movie I was expecting much more. Tax & all I paid probably $1 per minute to watch, i'll stick with redbox where the movies are $1 buck for the whole thing.
1 ||| this is a pretty good horror movie. I would suggest this movie to die hard horror fnas though.
3 ||| ...along with The Brand New Heavies two first albums, "The Apostles" by the Apostles (not Apostles the rock band), "True Spirit" by Carleen Anderson and "Vivienne McKone" by Vivienne McKone...
1 ||| First, the ladder took over a month to arrive from Amazon. Second, the product either sat in a dusty warehouse or was actually used-it had some dings and dirt on it! It is not as easy to manipulate as the some would have you belive and is heavy to carry around. BUT, when you use it, it does feel steady and it can replace several ladders. Overall, I think it's overpriced and arrived in poor condition for an item purchased as new. On the plus side, it does take up less room for storage and can fucntion as a step ladder or a tall extension.
1 ||| I know I am completely in the minority here, but I am being honest when I say that this book just didn't grab me the way it grabbed everyone else. I thought the characters were just average, the story plodding, and the sentences too long and boring. Clearly, many other people would disagree with me, otherwise this wouldn't be such a popular book and have so many glowing reviews. I wish I felt otherwise and had the same enthusiasm for the book which others do, but it just didn't feel real and thrilling to me.
4 ||| Great information on the basics of RE sales. A good reference opportunity for agents. Must read for new and even experienced agents.
4 ||| Um, a few observations are in order. Firstly, Marx's critique of history, economics, and society must not be confused with the later activity of Lenin, Stalin, Mao, nor Ho Chi Min: just because they used Marx as their point of departure does in no way diminish Marx's project. Secondly, Hobsbawm is a Marxist historiographer--not a Marxist per se. Thirdly, the period 1848-75 witnessed some remarkably convulsive and important events: 1) the Crimean War [Britian burned on the Black Sea], 2) the Dano-Prussian War [Prussian victory at Dpple], 3) the Austro-Prussian War [Prussian victory at Sadowa], 4) German unification under Bismarck, and 5) the Franco-Prussian War which resulted in the spectacular German victory at Sedan, the collapse of the Second Empire, the Paris Commune, and the establishment of the Third Republic. Need we say more? Get the book.
4 ||| I love Basis Face Wash. It has a clean, fresh smell and gently cleans my face of all make-up, etc. I used to be able to find this at regular stores, but have not been able to find it for the last year or so. I was thrilled to be able to order it on-line.
2 ||| I read this book. I didnt LOVE it, but I didnt hate it.It starts off very funny, but tries to hard to offer moral life lessons. It should pick a side (humor or life lessons)and stick to it.
1 ||| after reading that the originals were edited for political correctness, i decided that it's not worth it.maybe when they let a classic remain a classic...
2 ||| This book was okay, if you wanted to learn something. It wasn't quite what I expected, but it helped in alot of ways. If you want to learn more about wicca, I suggest you read this book.
0 ||| I was very intrigued to see that RCA was offering a CD changer that played MP3. While RCA received mediocre reviews online, and I couldn't find any reviews of this player in specific, I took a gamble and ordered one. It arrived (single boxed), I unpacked it, and immediately noticed its light (cheap?) plastic construction. Plugged it in, popped in some disks, and ... nothing! It recognized the disks, but would not play them. Amazon graciously agreed to send me another unit second day, and paid for the the original's return. The second unit arrived, this time it would not even accept disks. I was wary of RCA's reputation when I ordered this unit. This experience has buried it for good. A definite do not buy.
0 ||| I found this book to be one of the most historically inacurate books on the Wars of the Roses ever written. Tey uses the shield of "historical fiction" and writes as a dabbler in the history of the period; without a serious consideration of the key players. She maligns the good reputation of Sir Thomas More, and makes ridiculous assumptions about his motives that do not stand up to close academic scrutiny. In addition she bases her detectives entire investigation on a portrait that is totally unauthenticated. I found her dismissal of Historians offensive and her overall lack of scholarship depressing. Read this book if you must, but then go out and get Alison Weir's "The Princes in the Tower" for a more accurate view of the period.
1 ||| I saw this movie once and thought it was another one of these made for TV movies , but I was entertained , since there was nothing else on , but I have to admit I was creeped out .And to see todays medical technology , makes me wonder .
0 ||| I was very disappointed in this text.I like that bible history is included in the chronology. However, I wanted more world history...too much of this text is bible history. We have had to delve into Mesopotamia, Egypt and China and Greece from other sources and therefor are quite "behind" for the year. And we haven't gotten to Rome yet.That being said, I did feel comfortable dropping our bible curriculum and just using MOH for that, although I do disagree with the author on some of the implications of the bible characters. (especially Gideon)I think this is more of a biblical history, with some stuff that was going on at the same time in the rest of the world...as opposed to a comprehensive world history text that includes bible history.My son does not care for history, and this text did not change his mind.I adore history, but find this text difficult to relate to and not detailed about the most interesting bits.
1 ||| Not great, but has pretentions. Sick family gets reality based corrections. Please, could the Farley brothers peek at the script.
0 ||| This isn't very good and I'm bummed that I shelled out the extra money to buy an import copy of it. I was really taken with their previous album, XTRMNTR, and the one before that, Vanishing Point, but as others have said, this album just seems to be treading water. It doesn't move their sound forward or challenge the listener. It does NOT sound like XTRMNTR, so save your money if that's what you're looking for. With all the talent and famous collaborators who put time in on this, I was sure expecting something more. If you must have this album, save your money and buy a used copy.
4 ||| I am pleased with the purchase. I was looking for this music specifically and was not disappointed. I enjoy this duo as they have a nice quality to their voice and have nice romantic lyrics. If that is what you are looking for, than this is a great CD to add to your collection.
2 ||| All prints of this film which I have viewed are in rough shape. Synergy print is better than some , but for watching (contrast/ sound) I prefer the print issued by Platinum / Echo Bridge offered as a buy one - get one free.
2 ||| This is a great book. It does however have at least one SERIOUS short coming. The figures are very out of date. It would be nice if the examples were taken from the 90's or at least the 80's. Most of the statistics in this book are from the 40's and 50's. Good general information but could use some additional updating.
2 ||| the previous writer was mistaken, the artunian trupet concerto was written by alexander artunian for a russian classical trumpet player decades before arturo sandOval ever performed on the trumpet. His classical playing is good but still secondary. Compared to a true classical artists his technique is rather sloppy at times. His multiple tonguing is blatty. His range and felxibility is impressive, but the overal consistency of his tone is ruined by his poor articulations. One area of classical trumpet playing arturo is up to par in is piccolo playing. If you wish to hear arturo play calssical, buy some of his picc recordings.
3 ||| If you did not know it starred a very young Mel Gibson, you would have never believed that it was really him. This movie was a really good revenge movie. The only problem I had with it was trying to make out what was being said. It is done in "Australian language" and, though it is basically English, the accents of most except for Mel Gibson's character are so strong that you really have to over-listen to try and figure out what is being said. Other than that, the movie was a good movie and the crash scenes were fantastic for the era in which it was made. I only wish I could have understood what everyone was saying without straining in order to get even half of the dialogue. But, it is a movie well worth viewing.
3 ||| Though the time periods and character viewpoints jump around too much, this novel about a NE family of psuedo- witches is full of lush, evocative description. I enjoyed the many descriptions of food, plants and weather, and agree it is similar to Like Water For Chocolate.However, I also agree the plot is somewhat weak, the women too obviously beautiful and somewhat lacking in real personality. This I would blame on the disappointing lack of dialogue in Practical Magic. The men are basically flat. Lust seems to be more important than love--the author seems to want to drive the point home that you cannot escape lust/love no matter how hard you try. I didn't really learn anything from this novel, especially not anything to do with Wicca, witchcraft, or New Age philosophy.Overall it's a pretty good read if you're not too fussy.
1 ||| film made with good intentions but is very poorly put together. Very choppy dialouge synching in english, subtitles hard to follow. Acting was at best mediocre. This DVD is better rented than puchased.
4 ||| This book is a classic but one of my favorites. Bringing me through many emotions and allowing me to escape my own worries for a moment of laugh and cries
1 ||| I just screened the dvd of The Band which cost $65.00! If you like 75 minutes of interviews with some musical clips (all far better in The Last Waltz--where each song is 100% seen on camera and mixed great) than send me $55.00 and I'll ship you my copy. I love The Band but this looks like a BBC TV doc.Bill
0 ||| please stop these foos from killing it in the name of Rage Against The Machine...please.
4 ||| I really appreciate how this was applicable to most people and very easy read. I learned a lot from reading this book.
1 ||| Bought for a school assignment. Read it; and was kinda grossed but laughed at most of the things supposebly scary. eh im just demented.
4 ||| This is a great workout if you are trying to target that troublesome lower body. Really great muscle toning for the hard to reach abs-especailly the lower ab region. There are also toning for the legs and buns. Jane incroporates aerobics in with the toning exercises which makes the workout even more effective. Buy this video.
0 ||| This is definitely one of the WORST books I have ever come across. In the modern version, there is a forword and an introduction. Both of them have nothing to do with the story, and Ray Bradbury babbles on and on about his past and how he came up with the ideas for other books that NO ONE CARES ABOUT! I almost fell asleep during the forword, I dont know how I survived the book. The book drags on and one at a painfully slow pace. As for Ray Bradbury himself, he states in the introduction that in his eyes, Hitler burning and brutally killing people is on the same level as the burning of a book. I think that this statement is pretty much self explanatory for his views on humanity. Great guy, eh?
4 ||| Corrie's experiences and how God carried her through will remind Christians that no matter what we ever face, God will be with us and give us strength to endure. I have many times told people about Corrie and how her story gives comfort that we can trust God through every storm, no matter how horrendous. I highly recommend everyone read her story.
2 ||| First of all, I know Amazon says this came out in 2002, but I looked at the dates on the movie itself, and its a movie from 2004. Whoops, Amazon!Second, the movie that this mainly copies is Wes Craven's 'THEY' which was also copied by, you guessed it, 'Darkness Falls'(I won't even go into how awful that movie was).I'm not the person to get scared by most movies, and this one was no exception. However, the acting was decent, the plot was pretty good, and there are a few well done suspense scenes, as well as one helluva jump moment that gave even my boyfriend and me a jump.So, my advice is, rent it first. If you find it at a decent sale, buy it!
1 ||| The Bachelor is a movie with great intentions. The plot is cute, even though unrealistic. The actors are even good. However, that je ne sais quoi, the indescribable something, that all great movies have is missing from this film. I found myself during the comedic scenes wanting to laugh, but not finding any reason to do so. The touching scenes almost warmed my heart, but not quite. I wanted to like the movie, but I couldn't. The characters were unlikeable, however well acted. The only enjoyable part was Anne played by Renee Zellwegger and, unfortunately, too much of the movie was absent of her. Somewhere along the road to greatness, The Bachelor stopped at mediocrity. Trust me, this one isn't worth the trip.
1 ||| We have had this sandbox for about a year and it is constantly filling with rain water. Flimsy lid does not fit correctly and Little Tikes will do nothing without a dated receipt within 1yr - basically told us too bad. Buy the Step 2!!!
3 ||| I bought as a gift for my son. I have another just like it and it works quite a bit better than other models I've tried. I can hear it upstairs from TV located downstairs. I did discover, as did other customers, the switch that turns it on, activated by the tension on the headband, can move when head movements are excessive. I wear it with a hat when I'm moving around, that increases tension sufficiently and removes that annoying clicking sound.
3 ||| My husband practically lives in this robe. It is very heavy and plush, which is nice. However, it's white...so if your hubbie tends to sweat, or well...just be a man, it will yellow over time. Plus it shrinks in the wash.
4 ||| The 2:nd track is the best. The 1:st and the 2:nd track were the hits of this record. The other tracks are mostly very or quite good and for a 10cc collector this album is without any hesitation a must. The extra tracks are ok too.
1 ||| I want a BHTM album that will grab me by the hair, throw my face into the bumper of a parked '76 Ford pick up, and fracture a mouthful of teeth. This album isn't it...
0 ||| I purchased this product expecting to save some of the shoes with soles that have dry rotted here in the Caribbean and the Shoe Goo wouldn't stay. I tried with several pairs of shoes, from tennis shoes to sandals and the results were poor in all the cases.
2 ||| While our flashlight seems to work, I can't help but notice that it has a lithium button battery, which might explain its function. The "Magnet" is actually a piece of lead. So how does it really work? Shaking it definatly increases the brightness, but it seems it is assisting the magnet.
0 ||| A big disappointment. Evidently some older movies cannot be made into good Blu Ray copies.My old copy of this movie I gave to my daughter, wish I had it back, I really cannottell the difference in video quality. What I do not understand one of my BEST Blu raymovies that I have purchased also from Amazon is "The Searchers".
4 ||| I've read it when i was only 12 years, and since then i've tried looking for the same books because i've read mine so many time that they are falling into pieces.Also, the last books of Anne Golon aren't printed in English yet! Why not??!?? If all the books, including the last one's were printed in English with new and modern covers, you publisher's would be amazed with the amount of people buying them all! And you can count me in to buy them too!! Please, give a chance to new readers( and us fans) to enjoy Anne Golon's books!
0 ||| My 10 year old son requested this gift for x-mas and is very disappointed. We tried 3 times to "grow" crystals. All we got were flat pancakes. We followed the instructions - but no crystals ever grew. After the 3 times, he was done with trying and, like I said, very disappointed.
1 ||| First off, if you are going to write this genre, then recognize that there are people out there who know weapons, know the law and know unarmed combat. This books fails in all of those details.It is not that it is poorly written, but we have your basic corrupt republican administartion interested in buying bullets and expanding the "evil" military. They want to keep a terrible secret from getting loose.Then there is a cold blooded assassin, who starts out good, but makes dumb mistake after dumb mistake.There is the idealistic jornalist that starts running for her life around page 200.And the billionaire bad guys and biillionaire good guys. I'm sure this novel appealed to the New York publishing establishment's world view--does the word cliche mean anything?Finally, when we have a chance for an interesting ending, the author pulls a rabbit out of the hat to make everything better.This plot was terribly predictable.
2 ||| I can finally die a happy man if one day, the original theatrical release is accompanied by the 'Director's Cut' in some sort of over priced 30th anniversary edition being sold for far too much money.Although I do concede that a director is the final arbiter of the art he creates, I do also wonder about the responsibility a film maker has to the legions of fans who develop a certain attachment to the version of the film that touched them.Take for example Star Wars. I can't wait to buy the next, best, latest, greatest tweak of the hopefully last generation debuting on the latest software that will proceed the DVD of the now deceased George Lucas made to honor George by his beloved daughter.Enough director's cutting already. I just want my original theatrical release.
0 ||| Hey, what is wrong here. Am I the only one that thought that this movie made me a little less intelligent when walking out. This was a special effects movie where the effects were not that special. As for acting, was there any? Does Arnold even speak English? His voice needs to be dubbed like in the good old days. The end was the only enjoyable part because this was where I was set free at last. This was over two hours of my life that I will never get back.
3 ||| I have read most of Carl Hiassen's books. Some are more entertaining than others. This one was ok. My favourite is still Sick Puppy.
4 ||| This is an excellent book for "kids" of all ages. I am 49 and loved it! It is the story of a boy who thought he could not write poetry. My 12 year old niece started me on Sharon Creech books and I have read as many as I could find. "Love That Dog" is fun to read and made me feel like a kid again. Buy this book to read yourself or to your kids, nieces, nephews, grandkids....you will enjoy it.
0 ||| I was totally blown away by this groups first release and I couldn't wait for the next. As soon as it was available I got, played it and was absolutely dissapointed. The song choices were boring - why are they doing the same few songs every current 'pop opera' singer or group is doing? The background dance mix on a few of the selections didn't add - but detracted from the song. It was liked listening to two differnt recordings playing at the same time. On the plus side there were a few saving and wonderful pieces, but not enought to save this recording. They each have beautiful voices and collectively sound awesome, but this release does not showcase them to their best - it's a cliche and it made me sad.
4 ||| This is the most bizarre book you'll ever love. If you remember what the world was like when we lived with the real possibility of nuclear annihilation you'll understand the subtext of this suburban world.If you like Don Delilo or Thomas Pynchon you'll like Kathryn Kramer. She's that smart, her language is that carefully crafted. She uses the frivolous and trivial to smack you between the eyes.Read this book.
0 ||| Okay these things are probably obsolete already but don't buy one! I bought this years ago and ended up throwing it away a few weeks later. It kept crashing my computer. I bought an internal card and it has been excellent.
0 ||| very cheap and not done well at all..I wish I had not ordered these, I went to a train show and bought better for cheaper
0 ||| I loved the black star cd - 5 stars, I really liked black on both sides 4 stars but if I could give this 0 stars I would.This is garbage. Mos is trying to channel dead jazz and blues stars and be them, not himself. This is no rap cd. so if u are looking for him to rap, do not buy this .again to make clear I am a fan of his earlier stuff, I have seen him and kweli in concert.but this album is a pile of dog doo.
0 ||| I was pretty disappointed with this CD, and don't think I'll be buying another Musiq CD because he seems to be going downhill. He's basically regurgitating the first two projects with not very much success. I really like Musiq's whole vibe, hopefully it's not too late for the brother to pick it back up again.
4 ||| I'm very satisfied with Stopain. It was recommended to me and I was doubtful if it would really take the pain away, but it does!
4 ||| Well. I have to say its not the best. but it sure does beat out spending around $300 for a Tokyo Marui. I just got this gun and i have used it many times already. It shoots very fast when the battery is charged fully and has really good accuracy. I was able to take out a pop can about fifty feet away. Only two problems. The scope doesn't zoom in and has a really small whole to look through and it doesn't even have cross hairs or a dot. I would suggest either getting a real scope from some sporting goods store or just use the sights that come with it (which are very good to use). the second problem is i never found anything that told me how long to charge the battery so i'm just gunna guesse and leave it charging for a while. Over all this is probably the best beginers AEG out there. and the cheapest for its quality.
0 ||| this is proof that the studios have no clue as to what the public wants. i must say i loved the first "smokey and the bandit" and bought it when i found it on sale. as for the other two "films" and i use that term loosely, they are pure garbarge. smokey II is a crass atempt to cash in on the first and has no story and makes the people we liked in the first one so unlikeable that the movie is unwatchable. number III i will not ever talk about as it is beyond and stands as one of the 80's worst. the three stars is for the first film and no stars for the rest of this mess!!!!!!!!
1 ||| The book starts off very promising. Halfway towards the end, it seems running out of steam. It tries to cover as much as possible but one area being left out is the MetaDatabase. The book lacks in explanation for the codes. You couldn't expect readers to hunt for other books to understand it.The author should put more examples to explain the concept rather than running the course like bullet. Include source codes together with the book.
1 ||| I got this book free for my Kindle. I have read a lot of free Kindle books and most of them are not that great, but they are at least a little entertaining. This is the first book I have deleted before finishing it. I read to 35% and just could not take any more! It was not funny at all, it was super annoying and predictable.
3 ||| I would tell folks that there is "No Slack" here. It is Exactly what it says it is, a Multilingual Translation Dictionary.There is a section you will need to read on Syntax. As is normal to anyone who has "dipped" into a Language, other than their own, know that Masculine/Feminine, 1st, 2nd and 3rd person, tense and plurals, are always difficult.I have the Honor of having a penpal of the Lakota Nation. When writing I usually attempt a paragraph in Lakota. This book usually gives me acceptable results. But I do have the luxury of having my attempts kindly corrected if need be!So, "No Bones About It" it is like having a Giant version of those little "Get You By" Language Phrase books you take on vacation with you. Okiya {Peace}
4 ||| I am quite picky when it comes to sound. I can't stand the standard Apple headphones. I used to prefer only the Sony Fontopia headphones that were priced about the same as these. These headphones ended up being much better sounding than anything else I have ever owned and they have lasted a long time. Built rock solid, my kids have played with them and they haven't broken or shorted out. Great product for the price! I will buy Maximo in the future.
2 ||| My son LOVES this toy, more like taking all the balls OUT of this "pit" that is not quite deep enough to even jump into, because then all the balls come out. He likes the fact that the top, he can SHOOT the balls into it but instead of the balls easily coming down the spiral, they get stuck and we have to stick our hands up it and pull the balls down. We also bought more balls then came with it so they would actually cover the bottom part.
1 ||| I was introduced to Mark De Clive-Lowe through his Shirley Horne remix on the first _Verve Remixed_ album, and I was eager to hear his own work. And while _Tide's Arising_ has a polished sheen to it, I was slightly disappointed. Certainly, the broken beats on the album are crisp and quick and the production quality is strong, but I don't feel he's breaking much new ground here. The rapid fire vocals on "Traveling" and "State of the Mental" sound too similar; the grindy R&B on "Quintessential" and "Heaven" pleasantly fall by the wayside. As well, some of the shorter instrumentals sound too contemporary adult ("Pino + Mashi," "Masina's World"). The staccato flavors of "Syndrome," however, do help set that track apart, but I'm afraid the listener's interest is too apt to come and go like the tide.
4 ||| With the rise of fundamentalist extremism in America, it's not difficult to imagine the scenario fictionalized in The Handmaid's Tale. A religious and militant state is a frightening thought, but presented in a very plausible fashion. It is certainly a gripping read, as well as a cautionary tale.
4 ||| This is a movie I waited a few years to see only to rent it then see it was on tv the next day or so.....that is irony but it was a good late night flick and I had fun watching it. Not Vince Vaughns funniest stuff but decent and I always like Ben Stiller.....the theme was good as were Stiller's costumes. I also always like it when his wife Christine Taylor makes an appearance in his movies. Worth renting!!!!
4 ||| After reading Carrie I can see why it is a Steven King Classic. Carrie demonstrates the amazing description that King is known for, although it can sometimes be overwhelming. the writing style was unique but magnificent. This was obviously one of King's best works!
3 ||| A funny comedy of young Americans playing each with other and their surrounding peppered with laugh, sex and easy-going affairs.Entertaining to the edge.
0 ||| Amazon is the worst retailer in the world after 32 days I contacted Amazon (they do not let you do it before to "allow for delivery)to find out where was my item and they just gave back the money. I need this book for class. I hate you Amazon. If this gets published, costumers beware!
1 ||| The Battery I received was for a completely different camera. Although the company eventually gave me my credit and sent a mailer for the wrong battery nobody contacted me with the correct battery for my camera.
4 ||| I love this book and have bought it for several of my friends. Argov teaches you how to stop being a doormat and to take back your power. I love the writing style, it's upbeat and to the point. Very well done!Susan BarnesLove Magic
4 ||| Interesting textbook. This is a good book for people wanting to find out about bringing older buildings up to today's standards eco wise. Also like Amazon's return for credit at the end of the semester. It helps me afford to get the textbooks I need each semester!
3 ||| Great quality on the video and the audio front. The packaging was a bit messed up and broke. But I'm assuming that happened on the mail.
4 ||| This is a great movie for the horror film buff. Not only does it provide the viewer with the guts, gore, and blood that we all love, but it also explores real fears, such as clostrophobia, lonliness, and betrayal. The movie does a good job of making the monsters seem somewhat human and the viewer almost feels a sense of sorrow for the creatures, who are unable to see, but have evolved a keen sense of hearing in their underground caveworld. The ending isn't a typical horror film ending, where the heroine makes it out alive. That, alone, makes the movie worth watching. I believe this one was definitely worth money.
4 ||| The whole album is great but I think "Feel the Benefit" is their "Magnum Opus" however, my wife's favorite song is "Modern Man Blues". Should I be concerned?
2 ||| Deception, envy, and greed divide the Blackwoods, a powerful Ohio family. Whose land-rich empire grows to dramatic proportions despite a soap opera of sibling rivalry. The script could have had more depth, and it ended in a flat, incomplete manner. Far too many loose ends. Despite this flaw I give it 3 stars because Sarah Miles and Stacey Keach were good.
2 ||| We were asked to do a research project of John Steinbeck, the author of "Of Mice and Men," so I have some knowledge of his background and life. I personally felt that he could have done a lot more with this book, even though everyone in the US (practically) read it. The characters, to me, lacked a personal touch, and even though Lennie and George traveled and lived together, there was something missing in their relationship, along with their relationship to everyone else in the book. They lacked a closeness, a togetherness. The story to, me also felt like it was held together by just a few plot "enhancers." Although Steinbeck described the setting and plot thoroughly, to me it lacked a past, present and future. "Of Mice and Men" did hold my interest and kept me reading past our deadline. I would recommend this book to a reader that doesn't want to get too "involved" with the book.
1 ||| It's a shame to give this book only 1 star, so I gave it 2. There was nothing good about it except that it had a bit less description than The Fellowship of he Ring and it took me less time to finish reading. I think the plot was sort of unclear and it wasn't very interesting. The characters vere very unrealistic and unlikable to me. This book might be good if you're older than I am. (My dad liked it.) It was difficult and boring for me.
1 ||| I was under the impression that these shoes had wheels on them since they are called skate shoes. Wrong!! They are regular sneakers. They are really cute and look nice but don't buy them if you think that they are skate shoes.
4 ||| this is a funny movie that let's you soar through your imagination. the dialog is witty, the charicters are well chosen, and best of all, the stunts and graphics are awesome
4 ||| This book is incredible. It had me hooked from the very beginning. Why does everyone always say that they're in love with Ash? He's a great character, but not perfect in any way. Okay, ehough chit-chat. Read this book, I am serious. Rowan (my favorite!), Kestral, Jade, and Mary-Lynnette are just about the strongest female characters I have read in some time. I can find no flaw in any part of this book, and if you haven't already, READ IT!
4 ||| Because I have a small foot I really have trouble finding anything that truely fits...... These do....,.. They are warm,comfortable and a pleasure to wear... I LOVE THEMM............
3 ||| A book about man made chemicals and the effects they have on the earth. A specifici example DDT. She discusses thge destruction of the earth and she wants to create awareness of the problem, and not an attack on people. This book was good but got boring at times. She gets very specific but i feel that it is a book that is necessary for people to read and understand the pesticide problem in the world
0 ||| The game has never worked we paid money to have it cleaned and its still doesn't work. Don't buy from this company!
4 ||| Grisham tries to mix his two styles here. He made his start with the fast-paced thrillers and has spent his last few novels telling stories (A Painted House, Bleachers).In "The Last Juror", Grisham tells the story of Willie Traynor and his exploits as the young owner of a newspaper in Clanton in the 1970's. He mixes in a little thriller spice when a murderer gets paroled and the members of the jury that convicted him start getting murdered as well.It was a decent read, but not what I was expecting. If you want a fast-paced thriller, pick another book. If you liked "A Painted House" or "Bleachers" this is a worthwhile book to read.
4 ||| I have used this wonderful fragrance for nearly thirty years. It was introduced tome via my husband's sister. I have a favorite fragrance of my own; this one isnext to it. We are very lucky to have found it on Amazon. What a great price. Icouldn't even try to beat that. We have gone to Bermuda in August of 1983 and whilethere we had purchased it. Thankfully for Amazon. My opinion you cannot go wrong withthis wonderful fragrance. It is so flowing and you feel very pretty. I recommend toanyone with beauty from the inside out. Believe me you will not be disappointed.Make sure to purchase it from Amazon. I received mine in just three days. I wasso elated.
4 ||| The Wahl 7367-500 works great. I use the meduim head attachment and I get a very close and smooth shave just like my last Wahl which died after 4 years of use. I don't consider my last Wahl shaver lasting 4 years to be a problem given the price. One thing though, the side burn trimmer is very loud and it can be quite disturbing to hear first thing in the morning. I'm sure I'll get use to it though. For the price this is a Great shaver!
0 ||| I'm of the opposite opinion of most people who played this game. Unfortunately, I'm a fan of the original, having played it first, while many who have played this game did not have the benefit of the first. I felt that much of the story was ridiculous, turning the series into a farce. Everyone has their right to enjoy it, if that's what they did, but it was not for a die-hard fan of SH1.
1 ||| Don't immediantly judge me based on my star rating. I've been a fan of South Park since 1997. When it came out, it was actually my favorite show. However, now that I look back on some of the older episodes, I can see the huge flaws in them.The first thing I noticed was that the humor was very differant back then. The current South Park episodes revolve around meaningful plots and have some actual good and funny jokes in them. The older episodes just use lots of bad language to try to be funny. Back in 1997, this was considered shocking and South Park immediantly became popular because of this. Then around the time period of 1999, t.v. started crossing new borders and South Park was no longer new or shocking. It was at this time when the creators changed the show to rely less on language and more on pure humor.Anyway, if you want to get a South Park DVD set, then get Season 3, not this.
3 ||| Not a heavy or intense story - the book made for great reading over the Labor Day Holiday. If you've been to this part of the California coast so much the better! I enjoyed the book even though I don't play golf. It would make a nice reasonably priced book to give somebody who does play golf!
3 ||| I completely agree with this other reviewer. Her/his name is Dragon Quill and her/his review is titled 'Eragon Exposed'. I'll say again, I completely agree. The five stars is for his/her review. You should check it out, its about on the next page...I give Eragon four stars. Its not perfect, but it got me to love reading. My friends have always acted as if I'm abnormal because some of them are reding freaks and I just like video games. They begged me to read this, and now I love reading, and have read so many other books, and i owe it to Eragon.If a book is read, and its good enough to get me to LOVE reading, then it's a success...that's pretty much what Dragon Quill said.....
0 ||| I can see it all now: a screen writer with a deadline facing a blank page.... All of a sudden - IDEA! - "I'll write a screen play about 'writer's block'! I'll just change it to be writer's block about writing a book, not writer's block about writing a screenplay. I'll just put in any stupid plot idea that pops into my head, a French woman and a Swedish woman, no, make that a German woman, with stupid names too, let's see - 'Ylva' - that's a good one... and nobody will catch on. The audience is too dumb to notice anything like that. And then I'll see if I can sell it to some sucker in Hollywood who wants to try something 'different'.... If they just get two good-looking young actors as leads... wow, I'll make a million!"
0 ||| This album as well as the artist is absolutely and unequivocally the most vile and mentally enprisoning, brain wrinkle reducing noise laced with down syndrome corky written lyrics. The mental capacity of this man is equal to that of a termite neglected by a higher power of its instinct to eat wood and spends its pitiful and useless existence in a brick house gnawing on hardened clay in a state of perpetual dumbfounded perplexity. Anyone who buys this album will be boiled down to the iq of a gerbil.
4 ||| Get Smart is a funny movie. The combination of Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway unexpectedly provided good laughs and good acting. It is entertaining to watch for the whole family. Blu- ray picture quality is excellent. Sound reproduction added another dimension to the movie.
1 ||| It's not as erotic or engrossing as I thought it would be. There are parts where it begins to get really sensual, but then it ends rather abruptly or doesn't continue long enough for things to develop. Try the Sleeping Beauty novels.
3 ||| Charles Laughton was really great in this movie and his role was believable but to me, I really wasn't all that nuts about Maureen O'Hara's role because I read the book at least five times (one as a book report in Highschool) and she wasn't really close to the Mary Yellan I knew from the book. It was indeed a pretty well done film but if you want to see the version which is closer to the book, you must see the 1980's version (I believe that is the time the film was made) with Jane Seymour as a true to the book Mary Yellan, Patrick McGoohan as the Uncle, Trever Eve as the young horse thief she falls in love with and the talented Billie Whitelaw as the spooked Aunt Patience. This is a movie worth seeing.
2 ||| Got the movie,but not the cover I saw on the website,I keep looking for this specific cover,but I can't find it.So watch what you buy,the covers might be different from the website.
4 ||| I picked up my roommate's copy and stayed up far too late to finish this book. Spencer does a marvelous job of combining the weird with the mundane so everything is believeable. Ukiah Oregon, despite his non-human roots, is remarkably identifiable and likeable as our hero. His discovery into his extraterrestial origins goes beyond the stereotype into something remarkably fresh and interesting. And he's sexy and adventurous, which doesn't hurt either.Even more than having a remarkable hero, Spencer has managed to craft an interesting supporting cast to run along side Ukiah. I can see where Max and he have a deep friendship that would transcend even Ukiah's personal challenges. The story itself has just enough bite of mystery and intrigue that kept me firmly glued to the book until I finished it.I should probably thank Wen for adding "I've lost a mouse somewhere" to my vocabulary among my friends.
2 ||| I have not read any of Charlie Smith's other work, so I can't compare this to previous efforts. His writing is poetic, and truly impressive in short bursts. But over the long haul, the poetry interferes with the prose. Words and phrases seem to be chosen more for their sounds and rhythms than for their contributions to plot, and dialogue can be stilted. Imagery is vivid but occasionally self-indulgent. The storyline is interesting at first but eventually grows gaudy and distasteful. The power of Smith's language is his greatest strength, but it is a strength better suited to poetry than novels.
2 ||| Pros: Attractive color pretty much as described and fit my very old chairs.Cons: The material is not very sturdy. The cloth pockets where the butterfly chair iron inserts into the cover are not double thickness so I expect these will not hold up very well. I weigh 145 pounds and when I sat down in the chair, the cover stretched and sagged.
1 ||| I love fantasy books and I have been reading the WoT series since the first book. I loved the fantasy action and the whole setting of the first 6 books. However, I think that through the entire book there were very few events of significant value. The first few books were amazing and the plot is fast-paced and exciting. This book slows it down which it rather unfortunate. I hope that the 8th book isnt like that, the Light Willing!
3 ||| This is a very good item for the size and price. Good quality sound and nice small footprint. Works great with my 2nd desktop computer where I am crowded for space but still want decent audio. The only problem is it does not want to "sit-up". Adding a rubber strip on the bottom might do the job.
4 ||| No easy road you will travel. But as you share Jan's experiences you will also share her strengths. No stranger to disappointment, Jan meets rejection and loneliness along the way but she has the courage to reach out and trust when others might not. What Jan finds at the end of the story is something that will not really surprise you as much as change you forever.
1 ||| In general, this book is a good overview of the topics needed to get Six Sigma certification. However, the large number of mistakes and typos are unacceptable. A lot of confusion is created by the poor text editing.Just think about it, the book is printed by ASQ, Quality Press....they should up their quality before we up ours.
1 ||| Way overrated and not worth the time. Joe Pantoliano is usually good (even when the film isn't) only this time it's not his fault at all--because there isn't much for him to do.The gimmick (short term memory loss) would have worked had the film been no more than thirty minutes) alas, this thing drags on and on.How often can you sit through the same scene over and over and over and over...By the time this flick ended I didn't care who did what to whom.
2 ||| This product is versatile and what I expected- However it did arrive from the vendor with a rusted out base. Rather than hassle with the vendor and pay to ship it back for an exchange...we spray painted it to cover the rust. I figured it would be hiding in the closet and didn't need to look pretty- only not seep rust onto the carpet.
1 ||| I finished this book because I am persistent. The writing seems to be episodic. The author thinks of the most unlikely thing to have happen and then makes it happen. Although I know this is fiction, I always expect a certain amount of credibility, so why does a young woman who has been employed for several years and who is supposed to be quite intelligent have only enough money saved to buy a car that won't start and leave town for destinations unknown? And how can she arrange an adoption in one afternoon with a sleazy lawyer? I know that this is meant to include single mothers, independent women, helping the great unwashed, the plight of refugees, Native Americans, abandoned children, and domestic abuse, but it seems pasted together and the characters fail to make me care about them.
4 ||| It's exactly what it looks like. Standard plastic, holes line up right, no problems. Used on a '09 Scion xB.
1 ||| Gave this as a gift ann the CD does not play on a brand new notebook with CD/DVD player using Windows 7. Don't understand that with today's technology, this should not be an issue and is unacceptable.
1 ||| Sure the cable costs "1 cent", but the shipping is 6 bucks. Kind of overpriced for such a small item, and this pricing strategy is deceptive. I would be happy paying $6 for this cable with shipping included, but I don't appreciate the seller trying to pull a fast one on their customers by pricing it this way...
0 ||| Romeo and Juliet is a story about to lovers that meet at first sight. The biggest problem they have together is that both of the families have been fighting and hate each other since they both have been born. It all started when Romeo been depressed ever day moping around and feeling sad all of the time because he loved Rosaline and she did not love him back. So one day Romeos cousin told him about this party and that Rosaline would be there so they left and Romeo saw Juliet there and followed her to her house and both exchanged thoughts about each other and decided that they will get married but secretly. So they had to come up with a plan to pretend that Juliet was died so the can get married and the planned failed and they both ended up killing themselves. Play was very stupid it sucks no one should read it because there is no point of reading this because all this play is taking up your time.
3 ||| Got this card today (06/30/09). Added the card in my Dell Dimension desktop running windows XP, and installed the driver from the CD that came with it and it didn't work! It detected my wireless router but when I entered the WEP key, it just wouldn't connect. Went to the MSI site found the driver for this product and boom it works. Signal strength is excellent.Included driver version is some 1.X and the version on the MSI site is 3.1. On the MSI site under download section search for PC60G and you will find the right driver.How difficult is it to include the right driver with a new product?! Hence the 4 stars, otherwise I would have given 5.
3 ||| The teeth of the zipper could be a bit stronger as it often comes undone but I just run the zipper over that spot again and it stays shut. The cotton is very soft. I wish it was more of a box design so it could fit the 5" height of my featherbed to allow for maximum loft. Otherwise, for the price, this thing rocks!
3 ||| Dr. Emoto is currently working on a way to isolate happiness in water and replicate it synthetically with lincoln logs and eye of newt.This book is a wonderful example of how empirical science is trying to deny Dr. Emoto access to the enriched uranium he so desperately requires which will allow automobiles to crap rainbows under a sky with diamonds.Finally someone has taken all the guess-work out of thinking so I can get back to breeding an army of sasquatch.
3 ||| I almost didnt watch this movie because the reviews were so mixed, But im very glad I did. It was actually a good movie. I didnt watch the trailer or read what it was about, just went in with an open mind. It takes twists I wasnt expecting, sucked me in rather quick. By half way thru I was wondering where it would go because I thought it was almost over. Now that its over I'm like wow why wouldnt any one watch it. There is not a lot of gore, there is suspence, not alot of spooks, no ghosts, DO NOT THINK burmuda triangle movie if and when you watch it, the name of the boat they sail on is called triange. It will be on my list of movies to watch again!!
4 ||| Excellent book! I didn't realize this was a trilogy, so have already ordered book #2. Very good book for a bookclub.
4 ||| Puchased used and refurbished product and so far am pleased with it. The price was cheaper than buying a new product.
1 ||| I guess I would have enjoyed ALTITUDE a lot more if: A) It wasn't sold as a monster movie. B) The actual creature had been in it for longer than 20 seconds. C) The whole film had been about 30 minutes in length. As an "airplane-in-trouble" movie, it could have been OK. That is, minus the flying octopus. As it is, I found myself waiting for something interesting to happen, only to have all hopes dashed. Please, if you are expecting a horror / monster movie, just forget it. Otherwise, you're in for a bout of air-sickness...
4 ||| Marvelous books! I've seen a series of French films bases on the series of Angelique books when I was a child. They made such impression that I have been looking for Angelique books and video tapes. Has anyone come across the tapes?
2 ||| I loved the lampooning Wolfe did of the 1980s New York society life. It's hard for someone like me to imagine going broke on one million dollars a year, but it appears that in New York high society, it's very possible. The descriptions of the society matrons and trophy wives were hilarious -- that was pretty much my favorite part of the book. Although I enjoyed most of the character depiction, there were parts where the book really dragged. I hate it when I have to force myself to read the whole chapter and not skip pages because I'm afraid of missing something. All in all, a good book, but the endless depictions of New York City life and surroundings were a little much. In the end, I could have skipped not only pages, but whole chapters, because the outcome was nothing out of the ordinary.
1 ||| Take the very nice IPOD MINI add to it a weak color screen too small to see and take away a chunk of the memory and presto you have the IPOD Nano.As a simple IPOD it is not a bad device, but with a screen to small to really see pictures (and I have VERY good eyes) and with memory gone it is not as good a value as the discontinued Mini.still it is an ipod and you get all the advantages of it, but for my money I'd go with a used mini.
4 ||| The only thing I do not like about this camera is the battery lifetime. Although, I did purchase a better quality brand of rechargable batteries, and then it was fine. I took it to Europe with me, and the pictures turned out great!!! I think this camera was awesome for my first one.
3 ||| -1 star for making a tribute album for a band that has only beenout for a little over 4 years and what the hell is the guy on the bottom of me talking about? The bands on this are great
1 ||| Sandra Bullock once again proves that she cannot handle a role with any depth. She is unconvincing as a tough detective. Her toughness just comes across as an actress reading a script. I suppose she got this role because she is listed as an executive producer, or something of that ilk.
1 ||| This video shows managers,roadies,and freinds, talking about THE MAN. NO complete songs even in the background (which is the only place the music is). If you want to see Hendrix play, it's not here.
4 ||| I really did no t find this book interesting. I like James bond more. I grade it 5 stars. This is a girl but one who is a tomboy. But that is my opinon. Most people love it but I did not
4 ||| A great debut record from a band who deserve a lot of attention. Buy this record twice.
1 ||| I am a fan so not going to repeat all the good things already said or you already know but I will comment on the girlfriend. She is annoying. I believe she is British. The accent and those lips ABSOLUTELY DO NOT FIT this All American movie. She is useless and I did learn to ignore her. No chemistry between her and anything in the movie. It just does not fit. They should have found some American girl that is tough, rough, and All American.
0 ||| Well, any SNL or Dana fan will be very disappointed in this DVD.The Church Lady and the Church Chat bits. One of his classic characters right? NOT one entire sketch. They cut up several of them. Just ruined the whole thing.Wayne's World, cut up.Other sketches cut up.This has been done on several of the SNL Best Of DVD's.Very disappointing, a let down.
0 ||| The usual detail on room decoration, depressed characters and dysfunctional families, without an inspired or original plot to support them. The crimes themselves, despite some attractive trappings, turn out to be flat and dull, while also implausible--a problem in a "realistic" crime novel. The characters mostly are the same stuffy, wealthy, well-spoken elitists we've seen before, too many times now, with the usual wrangle taking place over the attempted closing of some august and architecturally distinguished building. Dalgleish fans I guess are happy to see him romancing Emma, the only problem here is we don't see much in the way of romance. Their romance lacks any of the charm and appeal of the classic romances in James' much admired Crime Queen trio of Sayers, Allingham and Marsh. It's a shame, because one can tell from her personal appearances and interviews that James is a charming, amusing woman. Too bad she snuffs out these qualities in her books.
4 ||| Loved this tv series, what is not to like.Girls learn a lot from each other and from Mrs. Garrett5 stars!
4 ||| when i purchased this item i was under the impression that it was the dvd not the digital cd. when it arrived i realized what it was and looked further to find the dvd. i believe that you people need to clearly describe the item on your website to prevent this from happening again. however i did find the dvd and purchased it from amazon.com as well and was very pleased with the services this go around and will return someday to make another purchase. thnak you. jeremy wiggins
2 ||| It doesn't keep you any warmer, it's not especially compact and dirt and stuff sticks to it. BUT it does keep you from feeling any rocks or anything on the ground. If you just want something basic you can't beat the price.
0 ||| This book was a complete turnoff. Instead of relating to scientific, psycological explanations of sexual addiction, the author blames everything on lack of closeness with God and not being saved by Jesus Christ. This author could use a good shrink. Take respondsibilty for your actions. Is God or the absense of him respondsible for everything. What a crank. Buy this book and go to seminary school. What a waste of time and money. Pure garbage. Now I need to buy another book to find out about my sexual addiction (psycologically) not spiritually.
1 ||| my problem is the fact that shawn v. mankind and shawn v. taker is already on other dvds. they should put his raw match with owen hart, tag match with shawn/austin v. owen/bulldog, or his match with jarret for the ic title instead.
3 ||| This lapdesk is ok - but I wouldn't buy it again. It is very light weight and easy to use. My main issues with it are that the rim edge is very thin. When wearing shorts and using the laptop on the lapdesk, the plastic edge digs into my legs. My other issue is that it is somewhat flimsy. Resting my hand on the edge when using a mouse with my laptop - the edge bends down. I'm wondering how long it will be before the plastic gets a stress crack. On the plus side it's one of the few lapdesks that is wide enough to use a mouse with the laptop without needed some sort of attachment or addon... I hate the laptop trackpads so always use a wireless mouse with my laptop. I just wish they would redesign with slightly thicker plastic and put a wider rim around the outside edge - then it would be pretty much perfect.
0 ||| Maybe i'm just too old but I bought this album due to all the praises it has received expecting to hear classic Beatles. I was very disappointed with it and gave it to my daughter for my grandkids. They didn't like it either & it now sits on a shelf. I really like the "old" Beatles & also have their # 1 Album which is OK. As I said, maybe i'm just too old and the fact that my favorite music is Chicago type blues by Muddy Waters. John Lee Hooker, etc. might color my music enjoyment.
3 ||| I was waiting to get this DVD as soon as I found Pendragon's website by accident. I was lured by the previews on the site and the Amazon reviews. Although the Amazon reviews were not too favorable I had to get the DVD regardless. I must say that I am glad I did. The story was very close to the novel and the images chilling. The acting was not Hollywood star billing but it was still good and kept me riveted through the whole presentation. In my own limited insight, the editing could have been crisper and the CGI a lot tighter. Music was great and the main star did a wonderful job as did some of the others. I was very pleased to also see in the credits that this was a joint effort by a lot of people who did more parts and technical jobs to bring this to the screen. It had to be a labor of love. I would recommend this movie to any aficionado of H.G. Wells and The War of The worlds.
3 ||| At least this album is better than Kathie Lee's.Then again the white noise of a static channel is better than her ill fated forays into music.Get it as a Christmas gag gift for someone with a sense of humor.
0 ||| Covers don't slide on or off easily, so you end up with water all over your floor. Thanks OXO!!! Nice job.
4 ||| I really enjoy reading Louis LaMour's books and am trying to collect all his books (except for the Hopolong Cassidy books, don't care as much for them).
3 ||| Paul Fussell has already written two excellent books debunking the myths, selling, and romanticizing of war. This book presumably is anaccount of Fussell's experience in war (really the Army), which is good - but only about a third of the book - and how it made the man. Behind the "chicken-shit" does Fussell really think the war ought not to have been fought or that there was a nice way of fighting it - the whole history of war suggests not. And for those who have read his earlier books it is an unrevealing account of Fussell the person. For example he barely mentions his son - who's crazy experience as a bodybuilder were the material of the son's own book and must have touched the father is some way. His first wife appears to have had a career as a writer on food; she passes in barely a couple of pages. How much more of Fussell the person is hidden?
1 ||| As a horror film, "28 Days Later" is only so-so. Its not that scary, the "zombies" do alot of chasing but no flesh eating; there made for TV movies that are scarier than this film. However, there are some genuinely tense moments in this movie and the acting and general plotline are very good.Don't buy into the "alternate ending" hype, its not worth getting the DVD just for that.
4 ||| i only have 10 pages to go, but this is the best book i have ever read. diane dune is a great writer. i recommend all of her books. i started reading at 8:oopm last saterday and didn't stop until it was midnight (which is probably why i only like to read on weekends). it is a mix of real life situations, great magic, and action.
1 ||| We are working on child-proofing our house and bought this to help with a big rug we have in the family room. It seemed to do the job for the first 2 weeks and then it stopped gripping the rug strong enough for it to be effective. The ends of the rug are now loose, which defeats the purpose...
1 ||| Much of the information is out-dated. Many of the financial products referred to have changed alot over the years. This is true particulary about Variable Universal Life Insurance, as well as Variable Annuities. These products have greatly improved over the last 5 years, and much of the information in this book does not apply to the newer products.The author is not licensed for insurance, not securities licensed, not an investment advisor, and is not a CFP. Therefore she does not have any clients. People who just write books can write almost whatever they want, and are not held to the same standards as licensed professionals. You should be careful of the advice you get from people who only make a living by writing books and articles, and are not licensed professionals.
4 ||| AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME!!! I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for somthing like this to come out and finaly FINALY it did. The first season (my personal fav.) is absolutly great!I cant wait to get this and i will as soon as it comes out. To see whats on the Dvd look at other ppls reviews. AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME. Clunk *falls down dead*
4 ||| I LOVE this show! Especially Anthony Michael Hall as "Johnny". Watch it! It's on USA.
4 ||| I enjoyed the story and the scenery in Tuscany. It makes you want to visit there!!
4 ||| I suppose that any freshman college student has read some of these Tales. I had a professor who read a few of them to us in the Olde English. It was really fun and you really got a grasp of where the English language was coming from - and poetry.I went on from my English class and read the whole works. They are good, classic short stories. You are really going back to the basics here. The stories are all easy to read and are about the everyday type people and their everyday lives. You get classic English literature, history, short story writing techniques, and the roots of the English language all in one medium sized book. Can't beat it. It's a bargain.Richard EdwardNoble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of:"A Summer with Charlie"
2 ||| This was a great story "idea" but didn't deliver well on that idea. I wish the perspective of all characters were drawn out more and I couldn't understand why the nehphew was so scary and sickly (no explanation at all given). It just seems the book was rushed and could have been so much better with more development of their characters.
2 ||| I bought this play mat on a whim but now wish i had done some research first. I find the mat itself is way to narrow and thin. I always worry about my son rolling onto the plastic base on either side and hurting his head or face so i end up using a folded blanket over top which sort of defeats the purpose of a "mat". He seems to really enjoy the toys though and i like the fact that everything is interchangeable which helps keep him entertained. He also fell in lOVE with the giraffe and plays with it off of the mat which is one of the main reasons i haven't sold it. If i could re-do my purchase I would go with the Fisher-Price Rainforest Melodies & Lights Deluxe Gym, it seems like the much better version of this one.
1 ||| It's about time Binky stood up for himself; I got the impression that Archie (grudgingly) respects that.As for romance, Archy and Connie are sooooooo not split up. Georgie is a rebound affair that's run its course; I hope she and Archy remain friends. For me, having him living with a squeeze is close enough to marrying him off; either go whole hog, hitch him and end the series - or move him back to his aerie.
2 ||| I bought this unit for my daughter for Christmas after seeing it at Target - great styling, ok+ sound quality and features - BUT - be aware that Sony designed this product with a HUGE AC power brick transformer rather than with an internal transformer - measures 3.25" x 2.25" x 2" and weighs a ton. We are returning the unit because we use the AC power much more than batteries - we can't imagine lugging this brick with us everywhere! Too bad because we liked everything else about it.
3 ||| This is a good book overall, but so much text about so much potential CSET content. These things are killing my brain and pockets. And they have nothing to do with your teaching ability. ~exhale~ sorry, had to vent. I also used a program by CA teachers which provides a concise and brief cross-section of real CSET content at cateachingsolutions.com. This stuff at Teaching Solutions was more to the point and closely reflected what I saw on the CSET. I would also recommend the CSET classes if you have a few weekends of free time.
1 ||| The album sounds like it was recorded in a tin can. That is unfortunate because the song selections are good. Quincy is great as usual but the recording quality is so bad it is almost unlistenable.
4 ||| This is an incredible compilation of the most popular and influential science fiction writers in history.Each story is thoroughly enjoyable and has a poignancy all its own. From Asimov to Heinlein you won't be dissapointed.
4 ||| Animusic 1&2My 2-year-old grandson just loves the Animusic DVD's. He plays his drums right along with the music, The one instrument that he always stops to listen to is the gongs! He has the DVD's memorized!
1 ||| I've worn Columbia fleece for years, and their vests are a particular favorite because they are so versatile. I've loved the quality and the details in the design. However, this Cathedral vest falls woefully short in both those categories. First of all, there is NO DRAWSTRING at the bottom, and that is an essential for the fit and warmth of a vest...the bottom just hangs open and the drape of the garment just doesn't work without that simple elastic drawstring. Further, the workmanship isn't any better than the no-name brands available for half the price, and the material is thin and insufficient. Not up to Columbia's very high (and usual) standard. Wish I could get my money back. Try again, Amazon.
3 ||| Jordan's book is indeed excellently written, as is his whole series. He has a created an incredible world which, I think, many other stories can be based upon. The storyline is ingenious, the magik forms as well. However I agree with res@randomc.com( from Atlanta, 08/23/97, rating=5) when he says it's a TOTAL good vs. TOTAL evil issue. reality is nowhere near to like that. Other than that, the story is nearly utterly flawless.. I eagerly anticipate his next book...
0 ||| This is a great sleep aid. Too long, and he uses too many complicated words when simple ones would have worked just as well. I suggest skimming through it instead of trying to read it cover to cover. It contains some interesting information about alchemy, haunted houses, the crusades and other things, but you have to wade through his verbage and unneccessary details to get to it.
3 ||| I like true-crime analysis and the older cases were interesting....Details were given and opinions were explored as were possible suspects. I felt sorry for Charles Lindbergh and his wife. The Ramsey case still baffles me and the "police procedures gone wrong" is a scary thought... It made me wonder if a lot of the killers had actually really died or if they are still lurking out there wanting to kill again.
2 ||| When I first time heard Never Let Me Down Again, I loved it.These days I am still loving it because it's one of DM's strongest and finest songs. It's really music for the masses!Strangelove the second best track and it has a great chorus. Sacred, Nothing and some other songs are good but the rest of the album sucks. I want you is a horrible song inclusing lover's sounds ( Please Gore,do it next time privately.) Remixs are torturing songs to jails. Listen thisalbum before you buy or you can have a great disappoinment in you DM-collection.
0 ||| We tried Pampers Baby Dry on vacation and our had leaks at least once and up to four times per day! Our one year old baby is a size 3 and doesn't have any problems in swaddlers, cruisers or other store brand diapers. I couldn't believe how leaky these were!
4 ||| Very accurate, with a nice digital display. Just what I wanted. Needed a set for my reloading bench, and they are it.
2 ||| The book is essentially divided into two sections. The first covers the basic principles of wine making: the science behind it, the key ingredients, and the necessary tools and techniques. The second half is a pretty substantial list of recipes, concentrating heavily on country wines.Sadly, the coverage of the principles and techniques was too brief, particularly with regard to timing. I am still at a bit of a loss as to how long one should allow the aerobic ferment to take place, how long for the anaerobic format and so on. I think I'll be getting another book that focuses more on technique before I make my first attempt.
0 ||| Although these pruners cost over twice as much as I had paid for pruners in the past, I bought them on Amazon, based on the feedback, thinking I had made a long-term investment. Instead, they have been a royal pain to use. The pruner sticks, meaning that I have to use both hands to make them open. In addition, the safety catch sticks and is hard to use. I've almost cut myself several times as a result.I've used oil, silicone, WD-40 to no avail. I keep thinking something so well rated will improve but that has not occurred. They certainly were a bad choice for me.
2 ||| Just wanted to add to my earlier review. When I mentioned episodes being "uncut", I was referring to the actual show itself. Opening/closing credits and scene indexes are nice to have, but I would MUCH rather the shows have no scenes or dialogue left out. I consider an episode "uncut" if I get to see parts that are left out when it is shown on T.V. Most of the Season 3 shows are like the ones in syndication.
4 ||| Time to start reading! The height of the books are about the size of a mechanical pencil + one inch and they are fairly thick. Its going to take you a pretty long time to finish these, money well spent.
4 ||| I love this book/movie so much. I could watch and read a million times. Such a great love story! Very classic.
2 ||| I think WT3 is a pretty decent movie, much better than the second, but don't expect a clever movie cause you'll be disappointed. The plot doesn't differ too much from the first movie, a man accused of raping a young girl plus the difficult relationship with his step daughter (Sarah Laine) with the diamonds in the middle. The low class girl in interpreted by Sarah McCoy as Neve Campbell did that role in the first. Both girls are very good looking especially, Laine. There's treason, blackmail and a well-thought scheme (at least in the minds of the characters). The revealing ending shows with flashbacks during the credits the key points of the plot, a surprising finale that is hard to anticipate. If you like the first movie, you'll like the third one.
2 ||| This book is an excellent resource for nursing mothers. From positioning to remedies for common breastfeeding ailments, Kathleen Huggins makes you realize you aren't alone out there! She dispells many common myths and misconceptions about breastfeeding with excellent advice to boot. This book gave me great confidence in my natural ability to nurse my baby successfully.
0 ||| I ordered several movies when i ordered this one, but apparantly this one was defected and i could not watch it.
0 ||| (spanish) Al parecer no soy el nico con un problema parecido, pero la verdad esperaba una super cmara, y an no estoy seguro si mi camara tenia algun tipo de problema o todas son asi. El punto es que al comparar las fotos con otra cyber shot que tenia anteriormente de 6MP pues la de 6 saca mejores fotos que esta de 8MP, y la mayoria de fotos no son claras sino tienen muchos granos, yo esperaba que una camara de 8MP sacara fotos muy grandes y muy claras y no fue as, si la quieren para fotos pequeas perfecto pero las grandes o el tamao real se ven mal, muchos granos.
0 ||| this is by far one of the worst step 2 prep materials ever! the questions on this CD ROM were random, poorly written, and testing very obscure material, certainly material inappropriate for the step 2 level. as an example, drug X effects which part of the electron transport chain? oh my, that's going way back into first year med, which in not what step 2 is about. we all know step 2 is for clinical applications of what we've learned as third year meds, and i can honestly say that this CD does not test these types of things. it was extremely frustrating trying to go thru the CD and "give it a chance" but i just couldn't take it anymore! try the NMS series or the A&L ERT if you want some computer practice, this exam master stuff doesn't cut it.
0 ||| What a horrible movie! The movie starts out in a good direction, but nothing really happens after the first 15 minutes. It's boring and certainly not scary. I only gave it one star because there isn't an option for no star. Spend your money on something else.
2 ||| ok the dj clue cds are by far the best cds out there they have the best rappers with great songs all in one cd one problem though......clue u gotta stop talkin during songs its real annoying i would have given the review 5 stars but his voice has to deduct 2 of them.......his voice only comes in handy in the song what the beat with method man, eminem, & royce da 5-9 other than that its useless we know what cd were playing u dont have to remind us clue-mike
4 ||| I am now on my second bottle and am happy I tried it. There are few products out there for people with chemical and fragrance issues. This is a great product line.
3 ||| This album is just amazing. System of a Down are definately a band we are going to hear a lot about in the not so distant future. Toxicity is quite different to their self titled debut, the music and vocals are much better, this is definately a band whom has musically matured.This is a very strong album, Serj Tankians lyrics are good but it is his vocal style which captures my attention. These songs are suprisingly catchy and Serj's range shines out, the guitar and drum work are commendable as well.This album is definately worth picking up. The strongest tracks are "Prison Song", "Forest" and "Chop Suey". The only weak track is "Jet Pilot" which really is why i did not give this album 5 stars.System of a Down are definately on an up.
0 ||| This is one of the cornist, most hackneyed movies you will ever see. The jokes are miserably obvious and the director follows the truly annoying tactic of having the actors move in unison when grouped together. In addition to that, the plot besmirches one of the most revered figures in history - Imhotep, recorded history's first multi-disciplinary genius.All that having been said, the subject matter is interesting enough that one can actually have some fun watching it. Rachel Weisz's spritely performance has a lot to do with that, though. Without her, this movie would be DOA.
4 ||| I have had other GPS before this one. This holds all the US and Europe maps, has an incredibly bright and big LCD display, is multilingual and extremley interactive and easy to use. I LOVE this one, and I will take it now to Germany with me.
4 ||| i feel sorry for all you people who thought that this book was bad. this is one of the best books ever written. anything written by hemingway is going to be an excellent book. if you like hemingway there's no way that you won't like this. it's classic hemingway and it is a great love story. it's one of the saddest books that i have ever read.
0 ||| type it up, print it out and all you get is a blank label. couldn't see the print
2 ||| It's OK for the price. I gave it an OK because the DVR recording drive, channel information and even getting to the netflix and etc will not work unless you have an account with TiVO ($12.00 monthly fee). I basically use it as a tuner for a Monitor we have in our home. I am sure if I had a TIVO account I would find a lot more use for this receiver.
1 ||| No. This movie was not very good. Tried to be artsy, but stunk. I would not recommend it to anyone. Ever. But if you like movies that are mediocre, than this may be okay.
1 ||| We used this mostly for the menu decoder. There was a surprise moment when we used it for the medical description at a pharmacy. This book paid for itself there!
4 ||| After reading this one, I went and bought all the others available, through Book 5 I believe. Tight writing, fun heroine, mostly plausible plot, interesting ending. Reminded me a little of 1940s Noir with the character's names. Can't wait to see where the author goes in the rest of the series. Esther isn't all hung up on getting a man throughout the book either. She actually wants to find the kidnapper because she may end up being accused of the kidnappings, instead of becoming limp with anticipation of seeing her love interest.
3 ||| love it if you want a good book about wizardry this is it my mom likes it to its good for grown ups too i was in a like state where nothing could break me from it and i play like i am nita some times what she does with the lone power is incredible
1 ||| Not very good quality. Kind of scratchy. Staring falling apart after first wash!
1 ||| Boring, bloated, overlong, repetitive half-baked arrangements of Clapton classics made even worse by Bobby Whitlock's horrible, intrusive over-the-top "backup" singing.2 stars for some nice guitar solos and drummer Jim Gordon's amazing work, but it is not worth the 29 dollars. Better you should buy "Wheels Of Fire" or "Eric Clapton's Rainbow Concert" or "Layla."Pass.
2 ||| This toy is ok for a cheap version I would try the more expensive one it may hold up better. We had to return the first one due to defect but customer service was very prompt in replacement and the replacement is still doing good. I could not beleive how easy the exchange was I was really amazed they shipped it right out within two days. My daughter is 13 and seems to enjoy this game so I guess if she is still using it then it is a fun toy.
3 ||| First off,if you have yellow jackets you need this trap! We had one around for a couple years, but this summer the little devils started to bother us so I hung it up. Little did I know! I thought there might be a dozen or so. Well! On the side of the trap are indicator lines 1/2" apart and the statement that 1/2" equals around 300 jackets. If that is accurate then we caught over 1000 critters in the first week!! That pretty much bagged the whole outfit bacause in the following week there were almost none. Needless to say, I ordered more and will always have a couple on hand. By the way, if you've never used these, I would suggest setting them up either early morning or late evening when they are not active because they REALLY LIKE the lure and will show up immediatly! This is a must have if you live in yellow jacket country!
1 ||| I am not sure what I was expecting...but this wasn't it. I don't know. Too clinical maybe, I just didn't really enjoy it. I am sure it will speak to many people.Heather mama of 5
1 ||| This is the story of a man struggling to retain faith in the face of his divorce. In the backdrop there is the one described in the blurb, about a NCIS team trying to unravel the plot of a deadly mastermind and is quite engaging and a decent read. Unfortunately the two stories are not woven neatly, with Will's crisis of faith jarring the flow of the plot rather than adding to it as the scheme is uncovered. Had a couple more drafts been undertaken prior to the release of this book it could have left the reader with a feeling of elation as the two stories ran together rather than feeling flat having watched them jockey for position.
4 ||| I'm glad they came out with a video on Ashland, it's a beautiful place with so much to offer. This video provides views of nature, the Shakespeare Festival, and Lithia Park. If you are into traveling in America, you will want to consider going there. My physical condition keeps me from traveling but I had to see this video after my friend told me about her visit there. Along with the sights, there is an interesting narration to keep you company.
4 ||| Two things struck me after purchasing this set. One, the pots are three smaller sizes and you realy need at least one 3.5 - 4 Qt pot at times. The second, while the aluminum sandwich bottom keeps hot spots and scorching from occuring on the very bottom of the pots. The sides are realativly thin stainless and the pot is actualy very hot around the outside diameter. This causes greater care to not scorch food than an expensive fully wrapped pot. That said the set can be a good value and if you put the real money in a higher end 4qt saucepan this would be a good set for utility.
3 ||| This was an somewhat enjoyable read, but not 5 stars. The characters were stock characters, the history minimal, and the plot predictable. The world of late 19th c. Washington and the Chesapeake were not illuminated. And a minor point, chesnut horses never have black manes.The main character's issues (her scholarship and her foot) were so quickly solved by some new dresses. And, of course, the sister's love affair and marriage are just fodder for the next novel, when her husband dies or is murdered and her professor comes back on the scene.... See what I mean... so predictable!
0 ||| If you watched the Christy series and were left dieing the know the outcome...like me, you will be SOO disappointed with this video. The acting is HORRIBLE. It was hard to sit through and actually watch it all (but I had to know the ending!). The quality of cinematography was very poor as well. Don't waste your money on it!!! Truly a let down!!
0 ||| If you are looking for Dr. Know. Look some place else. If this is Kyle singing then he must be fat and out of practice. I seen Dr. Know live in 87. And this does not compare at all. Surf the net for the real songs, you'll be happy that you did.
3 ||| I bought this book and I am very satisfied with author's work on ADO. I have read this book completely. I very much like the way the concepts are explained and discussed. I strongly recommend it to other readers.However, I did find some debatable assertions on following pages:Page#11 JDBC was designed by Microsoft.Page#14: DNA is a old, simple, open architecture strategy made up of ideas and suggestions.Page#15: MTS, IIS, ASP, COM,DCOM, COM+, Visual Basic, VC++, VJ++ are all open and very simple to use technologies.Author directly and/or indirectly tries to elevate readers confidence through these statements. As Alex has done a good job all over, I am not yet ready to flame him for these minor things.
4 ||| Love Elizabeth Taylor, she is that much better with Richard Burton. What chemistry they had. Liked the story, it was a true life story that happens frequently.
4 ||| This is a good book on the themes of lost love---and wasted loves. It reminded me of Silent Bell, the new book by Gary Drake, in the way it dealt with letting the obvious love of our life get away, and then wonder years later. I recomend this. I recommend both Sparks and Drake!
0 ||| I am so disappointed. I ordered Dexter and received it and went to watch it and disc 1 would not work. I returned that DVD and was sent a replacement DVD and again i went to watch it and disc 1 would not play. I still have not been able to watch Dexter Season 3. I am in the process of returning the second DVD that i received. Has anyone else had this problem???
3 ||| I use this at work. Turn it on before you go to get your coffee in the breakroom. Best if the cup/coffee is already warm.
3 ||| In The Princess Bride,Goldman makes fun of all the fairy tales and adventure stories about beautiful princesses and white knights ever written.By the end,my face hurt from laughing so much.
2 ||| OK- I am a PT Anderson Fan. OK- I am a film fan. OK- I am a fan of artsy movies. But I was not a fan of Punch Drunk Love.Here, we have an example of a great director trying to be someone he's not; is he a victim of the masses who expect something a slight bit on the quirky side? or was he going for the "art film" look in every shot just because he could?Either way, it does not succeed in my book. I've loved PT Anderson's films up until this point, but with this one, it seemed like he was trying too hard to impress the audience and give them (us) something new. For me, it didn't work. It MAY have worked with a first time director trying to find his/her style, but not a vet who already has both a mainstream AND a cult following. This one tried too hard to satisfy that cult following- and this member of that cult saw right through the artsy stuff and wondered why he chose to do something that's so obviously "fake."Sadly, 6/10
2 ||| My wife and I were listening to our Al Stewart- Greatest hits and commenting on how we've never bought another of his albums although we listened to it often. Now I know why. You have to grow up listening to someone to have to own every bit of their output. Although not bad (and sometimes good), I don't think this will be on our expansive everyday playlist. For collectors and fanatics only.
4 ||| I've read half of this book and already know that I love it. It bothers me that everyone tries to label David Sedaris as a "humor writer" and then come to only expect him to churn out "humor books." Sure the books are funny, but a lot of his writing is deeper and serves a more significant purpose than trying to make someone laugh. Also, I like how he is a "gay writer" who doesn't just fit into the cookie-cutter by writing "gay stories." He branches out...and he loves to explore the psychological implications of situations from his past. Overall, buy this book, and buy Barrell Fever, and expect to laugh, a lot, but don't approach Sedaris's writing as you would, say, Bozo the Clown's work.
4 ||| One of the main reasons I buy the DVDs is for the special features and audio commentaries on the episodes since I can't get those from Netflix. Yet there is often only three or four episodes with commentary per season. I understand not doing commentaries for each and every episode but I would expect at least nine commentaries (about three per disc).Other than that HIMYM is one of my favorite TV shows and this season is even better than the last one. The unique blend of comedy with poignant dramatic moments makes you really care about the characters. This season was especially well balanced between comedy and drama.
4 ||| a perfect size for making two cafe macchiato's or similar drink. Heavy SS gage that I expect to last a lifetime.
3 ||| I thought the 3 straps were all velcro. What is the use to a disabled person of a shoe that is almost impossible to put on unaided? They are very comfortable for walking but I have reservations about their lasting quality..
0 ||| I have purchase 3 different Keurig machines over the last 2 years. In every case they fail to stop brewing with-in 1 year of purchase. The descaling procedure works but only lasts for 6-8 brews!I then tried to Cuisinart and returned it after 1st use as the flow was so bad that I could have brewed a pot faster. So I have a lot of K-cups and no good way to brew them!Would really like something that works. If you haven't bought a k-cup machine I WOULD NOT. Its a great idea but so far the quality of their machines is more than terrible.
2 ||| The King's Coat is a good story, maybe better than the 3 stars I rated it, of course I am a fan of nautical fiction with a soft spot for a leading character with a tarnished reputation. It's easy for Hornblower & Bolitho to come out on top in almost every situation because they have no chinks in their armour. Not true with Alan Lewrie. He has some gaps in his character you could sail a ship of the line through! I guess that's what makes this unlikely hero so loveable. The naval detail is good and the characterization is better. The plot was a little thin, more like part I in a larger volume. Sure hope the publishers can find a way to reprint the next book in the series.
4 ||| Economics in One Lesson is essentially an introduction into the Austrian school of Economic thought. Hazlitt's now renowned treatise originally written in 1946 is lauded by Libertarian stalwarts Ron Paul, Peter Schiff and Lew Rockwell among others. While some of the examples provided in the text may be dated the book is as relevant today as it was when first written. Hazlitt, from a 1940's perspective, takes on many of today's most controversial issues such as government spending, taxes, minimum wage, balance of trade, unions and inflation. In an era of big government, many of Hazlitt's economic lessons come as a breath of fresh air. I highly recommend Economics in One Lesson for those interested in learning about the Austrian School of economics and basic free market priciples.
3 ||| The copy I got skipped too much for me to be able to watch all of it. Im going to get a disc repairer and see what happens.
1 ||| the daughter was a brat. as abusive as the puritans were they really dropped the ball when it came to her. seriously, what ever happen to " better to beat the child then let them be damned by the devil"?. the story itself has some interesting ideas. such as if the "A" came from the inside out or the outside in. ultimately, because of the way you choose to answer that question, and who you apply that answer to , does make it a classic. over all, even with its interesting ideas, i didn't find it a very good read.
1 ||| This movie had potential for being good, however the desire to make money ruined that potential. What we're left with is the generic tale of a mummy out for revenge.
3 ||| Lesley Downer retraces Matsuo Basho's famed 17th century journey to unknown northern Japan documented in his book "On the Narrow Road to the Deep North." Ms. Downer rediscovers a "lost" Japan. The journey and the writing are well worth the effort.
3 ||| Not the most derable of pencil sharpeners but does the trick better than the electric ones. Really sharpens pencils and fast. This is my second one, the last one I broke the back after emptying. The plastics parts could be a little more durable though. Over all I like it or I would not have bought another one.
1 ||| I thought I was getting a good price for a great film. However, the digital transfer was horrible - which is probably why I got a bargain price. I would not recommend this film copy, nor will I purchase anything else from this company. What I learned from this purchase is always read the low rated reviews. Also, shop to see if there is a remastered edition - which there is.
1 ||| To paraphrase someone else's comment: an emperor with no clothes - possibly better than one with. I can only think he won the Pulitzer out of the committee's mis-guided sympathy for a seriously disturbed mother.
3 ||| Sometimes bad things do happen to really good people ! Such was the case of Greg, his siter and father . Greg was hopeful Adrian was the one for him! How could he compete ? You could certainly feel the love he shared with her ! What a shame to hurt a guy in this way ! Why couldn't Adrian just be true to herself and be upfront with Greg. She was entitled to live her life but not hurt another in the process ! Sherese( his sister ) on the other hand learned a hard lesson in life. A man is a man! Even if he is a so called man of God ! I was so glad their Dad regained the love of his life ! I guess sometimes you have to follow your dream which was the case of his Mom , but her heart was still there ?
4 ||| This one has it all: Amazing musicianship, great songwriting, excellent production. Blackmore is by far the best guitar player on earth. Dio is by far the best singer on earth. If you love hard rock, you must have this one. I also recommend "Rising". Too bad I can't give it 6 stars. Only 3 or 4 in the world would make it, and this is one of them. And if you want another great tip on an amazingly heavy and beautiful album, listen to Queen II.
3 ||| The book that I read was called The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow And Other Stories. The author of the book was Washington Irving. I thought that was book wasn't that great. That depends on if you don't mind an old-fashioned type of language that they spoke. I thought that the book was a little too complicated for me because I didn't understand what the people were saying sometimes.I thought that the actual theme of the book was pretty good, but otherwise I didn't really care for it that much.I'd reccomend this book to anyone who ever read the actual verson of Sleepy Hollow and liked the story.By,Andy C.
4 ||| C.S. Lewis (my favorite non-fiction author) has written an excellent defense of the Christian faith. This book is the foundation for modern apologetics. A must read for Christians in a modern intellectual society.
4 ||| Having read a variety of handbooks for travel in Mexico, this book is by far the best. This book is about Mexico, not Mexican hotels, and equips the reader to move respectfully through Mexico viewing events there with a fond but clear eye.
3 ||| Despite their name, The Trash Can Sinatras sound about as fresh as you can get. Their debut album shows off John Douglas's and Paul Livingstone's lush and intricate guitars. Singer Frank Read, and his lyrics, provide a worthy voice to it all.Their first single, "Obscurity Knocks", is probably the best example of their bright and breezy sound. While the delicate guitars are further highlighted in "Even The Odd", "The Best Man's Fall" and "Only Tongue Can Tell", the quintet gives percussion a good airing in the stomping "Circling The Circumference".This album should be listened to at home with all the windows and doors thrown open.The Trash Can Sinatras got their name after playing for beer at discos where they sang Frank Sinatra covers.
3 ||| I don't know why people complain about these diapers vs the Pampers cruisers. the only time I have leaks with my 8 month old is when she has an excessively large BM....not that often, and Cruisers wouldn't do much better. When she was littler, I wasted my money buying the swaddlers line for my daughter. The truth is, she doesn't know that difference, and would rather have me put the savings toward her college education.
3 ||| While I didnt exactly love this book, it was a cute look into a Jewish girl's experiences growing up. I admire Susan for putting this on paper for us to read.
1 ||| I expected that this book would be wonderful. Many friends urged me to read it and so I did - up to page 168. I think I just don't get it. I began to get sea sick from being at times engaged in the story to next wondering what the point of reading it was. War after war, sex after sex, baby after baby.... it got old and so I gave up. Hooray for all who get the beauty of the story and enjoy it. I wish I had been able. Next.....
2 ||| Interesting and stylish, but painfully overrated if you ask me. Other than some of the visuals, there's just nothing particularly engaging or memorable about it. Shrug. I had high expectations, but it's just not a very big deal.
1 ||| Entertaining in places but spoilt by lots of crudeness and dirty talk that degrades woman. In the end I found nothing memorable or funny about this film. Sad for Adam to seem him in such a trashy film.
1 ||| It works fine in warm weather but not in cold.I've been expecting it to there for me when needed, but it did not have enough cold cranking amps. I had to call AAA even though I had this and it was fully charged.AAA uses 500 cold cranking amps with their unit, this has only 250.
4 ||| this cd is a great christian cd that appeals to teans and still shows somewhat of a christian sound. stacie has a great voice thats very mature 14.
4 ||| i love this movie! it's ok, but i am so disapointed the new limited version is NOT a widescreen version! despite all previews said it is an anamorphic version, IT IS NOT!i bought the limited version and i am not happy! SO I WANT TO TAKE CARE ABOUT PEOPLE WHO WANTED TO SELL THEIR OLDER VERSION TO BUY THIS ONE : IT IS A BAD IDEA(to watch the film in high condition)!bonuses are amazing and very interesting and the packaging is the best i ever seen after FIGHT CLUB and SE7EN! but the aspect ratio is still very important because the film itself is the most important thing in a DVD!!!!!!!
3 ||| If you are a movie fan looking for a read this is the magazine. Empire's strength is in treading a line between in-depth-analysis and shallow commercial puffs. In other words, it is not too serious yet again critical and independent.Ok, the p.o.v. is from UK so you might want to take that into account. Otherwise it is best magazine for movie aficionados I have read.
3 ||| Is christmas really christmas without "White Christmas"? I watch this movie the first week in December every year. Nothing seems to put me in a better holiday mood than that gorgeous crooner Bing Crosby. Although the plot is not fabulous, the songs and the dancing are. I love the scenes of rehearsals and the performance. Danny Kaye is amazing, and the women are beautiful. Whoever said that there had to be a really strong story line with music and moves like this? The best part of the movie is the end...when they are singing "White Christmas" and it begins to snow. It reminds me of that first snow fall every year, in which magic and the holiday spirit meld to creat lasting memories. So grab your favorite afgan and a mug of hot chocolate and settle in to enjoy this wonderful holiday classic.
1 ||| I'm also in the minority of readers who found this book not good. I don't have Alzheimer's but I was interested in reading the book as my father dealt with dementia in the last few years of his life. The author prefaces his book by stating that he has three narrative threads--the clinical commentary, his memories, and his present day--but the pacing and weaving of the three threads is average at best. I guess this is what the mind of a demented person is supposed to be like but from the perspective of a non-demented reader, I didn't think it made for good reading.
2 ||| In this follow-up to his Pulitzer Prize-winning Guns, Germs, and Steel (which I have not read), Jared Diamond attempts to examine and explain why certain ancient societies such as the American Anasazi, Mayans and Easter Island collapsed. He poses the theory that there are essentially five factors in a societial collapse, although not all are always present: 1) environmental, 2) climatic, 3) warfare, isolation, and how the society responds to hardship. Nothing new or earth-shattering, but very interesting to look at in the detail Diamond gives. I thought he was a little high-handed at times and I could have done without his many nostalgic stories about fishing with his grandfather in Montana, but it was interesting all the same. I won't delve into it much more than that because this book has been reviewed to death! It's interesting for any history, sociology or anthropology buff, certainly.
2 ||| A six for a better than average historical account. This book strips away the mystery of the Salem witch trials and reveals a very human source of the hysteria. The possibilities of another "witch scare" exist still today. Understandable and insightful, it should be of interest to historians and to anyone who find this spotlight of American history intriguing.
2 ||| For those familiar with the Burke and Hare tale, (as also done in "The Doctor and the Devils" and "Flesh and the Fiends"), the story is familiar. There's a bit of fooling around to be had here, a bit of bumbling comedy, some womanizing, all mixed in with the more "grave" material. I did enjoy this to a point, but boo and hiss to Redemption for the quality of this DVD, which is quite poor. This is the best print they could come up with? I think my old New World Video VHS was better. I wonder if Redemption would have put something of this quality out if they were still affiliated with Image Entertainment?At any rate, the film does have a rather fun theme song courtesy of Scaffold, a band featuring Mike McGear, who is Paul McCartney's brother.But the DVD quality....OY! 3 out of 5 stars...
2 ||| I love the roots. i dont listen to rap that much but i find them to be a very ecletic and organic rap group in a world today full of rap stars only in it for the money and girls. but this album, which is almost like a greatest hits collection live- there is a reason why most rap artists never put out live albums. the sound quality just isnt there. i love things fall apart, but the version live of the next movement sounds hardly anything like the album version. the quality isnt that great. im sure its alot different if you see them live in concert- im sure its spectacular. but just rap in general- it just doesnt sound as good live.
3 ||| I liked the size, colors and insulation, but I could never figure out how to open and close this mug.
0 ||| After a perfect first album , I was waiting for a new Bomb , but this sophomore album from the Dru really disappoint me . Where are the solid smooth songs like "Tell me" or the funky sounds? . Two mediocre mid-tempo songs and too many ballads without any feeling . Let my give you an advice Dru : Learn and listen to Mr.R.Kelly !
0 ||| The book is not what I expected, rather dull and did not really cover football, the co-writer did not offer much.
0 ||| The CDs in this package are lifted right off a cassette tape, so there are only 2 tracks per CD. That means that if you are listening on a portable CD player, and you want to repeat something, you can't go back a short distance--you have to go all the back to the beginning. It's a real pain.In addition, the booklet that accompanies the CDs only loosely follows the tape, which is also a pain. You spend a lot of time flipping through the book to try to find what they are covering on the tape.
4 ||| One of the Must Haves for any actor. Also required reading if you really want to make it: "Audition" by Michael Shurtleff, "How to Be a Working Actor" by Mari Lyn Henry, and "My Fractured Life" by Rikki Lee Travolta.
4 ||| This game has mild vilonce but no blood it is about a retired swat guy destroying a terorist ware house. Its Wonderful!
2 ||| Although Johnny Depp is to be lauded for his deft physical comedy in this romantic fairy tale, it isn't enough to save this implausible film. Depp plays a somewhat eccentric young man who finds himself filling in as a "housemate" to a young mentally ill girl who lives with her brother. Mary Stuart Masterson is effective as Joon, and Aidan Quinn does her sincerest best but the film ultimately fails in its ignorance of reality. Julianne Moore has an early appearance as Ruthie, the failed actress who works as a waitress and befriends Benny, Joon and Depp. The movie manages to sugar coat mental illness and we're asked to believe that this obviously disturbed young girl is capable of living on her own. While its message of love conquers all is admirable, the reality of Joon's situation is overshadowed by this sentimentality.
4 ||| I read this book many many years ago when I was 14. I did not read it in English or Spanish. At the time I didn't know either one. I read it in Persian, but that did not diminish the effect it had on me at all. I guess the translation must have been good. I must have read the book some 12 times over the period of that year. And still, every once in while as I am driving my car, a passage from the book comes to my mind and takes me back to the magic that it was. I do not want to read this book again. I don't think that after getting accustomed to the reality of life around me my heart can handle such surge of emotions as it did then. If you haven't read it though, and you are able to pull yourself back to reality after finishing the book, I strongly recommend it.
0 ||| I love Pampers products and bought these with complete confidience but I was extremely disappointed.These diapers are awful, they do not hold anything and they caused my daughter to have a rash. I only wish I had bought Cruisers.
0 ||| A very boring book that has some interesting ideas but unfortunately fails miserably in bringing those ideas together. Atwood may be a good writer but her writing talents are spent here. In Offred, she creates a very pathetic character that is too uninteresting for the readers to care about what happens to her. I could not wait for this book to end, although I applaud Atwood for her creativity. This book belongs in the 70s when the feminist movement was taking shape. In the 90s, it is outdated. If anything, this book is NOT timeless. "The Handmaid's Tale" is a waste of paper that should have been written by a better writer or as a better story.
0 ||| This was a very boring movie, there wasn't much to keep you on the edge of your seat or to just keep you entertained. Russell Crowe saved this movie from me giving it 1 star. He is definetly one of the best actors out there and should get better movies to showcase his talent in. Without him this movie would have been even worse than it actually was. If you want to see a good ship movie check out Pirates of the Carribean. That is a very entertaining movie and I look forward to the second one. I very much hope there aren't any sequels to Master and Commander.
3 ||| Amusing..but her negativity starts to annoy after a bit. Her husband deserves a medal!
3 ||| Only Sedaris could come up with some of this stuff. While I wouldn't say this is his best yet, they're all awfully close to each other and all awfully great reads.
1 ||| I, too, started reading this series when I was just a kid, sneaking into my mom's "secret stash" of romance novels she thought she hid from me! I just knew at an early age this continuing series was something great! But, I am so sorry to say I am disappointed with this latest in the Calder family. This girl is rather annoying, she thinks she says clever things and acts tantalyzing, when she is completely immoral! How is she playing hard to get by stripping naked to retrieve a coin she tossed into the Trevi Fountain!? I will most likely read the next book as it is about Quint Echohawk and the Logan/Cat story was pretty good. If you have to read this because you hate to miss anything in this series then please pick it up at the library in the free pile or library book sale like I did (sorry amazon, I do love you though)I give this 2 stars because I just love the Calder's.
1 ||| This gaffer tape got the job done, but it wasn't nearly as heavy duty as other gaffer tape I've purchased on Amazon. It didn't tear cleanly and it folded over on itself very easily. It seemed thinner than other gaffer tape I've used.
3 ||| This game is so much better then AoE. First it has super graphics, and great gameplay. It is very replayable, b/c it comes with a random map generator. There are only a couple problems; on my 333mgz, 32ram it gets pretty slow after you get to around 70 units. Also it can get sort of boring if you play it a lot. All in all, this game was worth its money. I suggeset that you buy it.
3 ||| As those of us who were born during "the War" look back upon history we realize how truly fortunate we were to have adults of that period as mentors, teachers, parents and friends. Brokaw does a good job of telling their stories. Some stories are similar and some portions are repeated and for those reasons the book tends to lose excitement. Not everything that is good is exciting, however. The book is interesting (I knew some of those people) and I would recommend it to any young person. If they read it, they will then know how many truly great sacrifices were made for us by those who were young adults during the war. A good book.
4 ||| As an English teacher I believe this is a novel that we should all read because of its iconic status in American literature. Many allusions are made to Lenny Smalls in film and literature which would go totally misunderstood if one had not read the novel. It is a quick and easy read.
1 ||| Movie did great until scene selection 19. The picture froze. Couldn't get it to advance or reverse. I took it out and tried it in my other player, same thing. I then took it to my daughter's home and tried it there, same thing. I need to return it, but I have to go somewhere else and use someone's computer to do this. When I tried to do this from my home, the site said "printer required" and mine is not working. I bought several other movies and they all were good, so I am not unhappy with your service. I just hope the return goes well. I have several other purchases waiting in my cart that I will not buy until I see how this is resolved. Thank you.
3 ||| Overall, I'm pleased with this product. However the bass from the subwoofer sounds a little distorted. I have to adjust my equalizer when I play music from iTunes so I don't get too much bass. For the money, it's a good speaker system.
3 ||| I don't hunt, but I hike with my dog. Being a bird dog, she instinctively runs far from me, and I was always afraid I wouldn't find her.The Astro is very easy to use, which is great for a dog tracking novice like me. The compass screen points to where she is and how far away, and the map shows the routes we're both taking. There is a lot more information, like the distance she's traveled, her average speed and plenty of other things that I haven't figured out yet. Every time I use it I find something new. The best thing about it is that I don't worry if I don't see her. I love it!The only problem I have had with it was a broken antenna, but it was easy and not too expensive to replace.
2 ||| This record has some fantastic moments, including the (German) hit single "My Friend Jack", "Have Some More Tea", and "You Can't Catch Me". That said, you shouldn't buy this record unless you have more than a passing interest in garage and psychedelic music. The lyrics are a GOOF "My friend Jack eats sugarlumps. . .", the music is dated, but it definitely has its merits. EXCELLENT liner notes, including a great Chris Blackwell story!
4 ||| Though not Grafton's usual style, I can only hope that Q comes quickly and wraps up P. P needs an ending, it was great until the last chapter.
4 ||| THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ!! I loved this book and everyone I have recommended it to has shared my opinion. Read this book and you will agree with me. It's funny - so funny that I laughed out loud! That doesn't happen very often while reading a book. Do yourself a favor and take a break from the serious side of the street - this is one you will enjoy!
3 ||| I read this book because it was selected by my book discussion group. Some day it might be made into a movie for Lifetime. Story takes place in the present in Italy. A young chef falls in love with a beautiful blonde American student. His friend a waiter starts to date her. The waiter passes himself off as a chef and asks his chef friend's help in preparing wonderful Italian dishes for the American girl. There's more to the plot. This is a lightweight novel- a beach book. I did want to visit Italy and eat Italian food. My book club's discussion was very short.
3 ||| Since others have outlined the plot of this book, I will just say that I enjoyed reading it. However, the author does seem to have a lot of trouble with the various relationships of Miriam's family. First, her mother is her presumed uncle's sister, then his step sister, then possibly a half sister. Roland is variously described as a first cousin to Miriam, then a 2nd cousin, etc. Gets very confusing! Just the same, the concept is fun and Miriam (of course) always gets out of a jam. I still don't know just why, on her first visit to the alternate world, there was a knight in armor shooting at her with an automatic weapon. Forget the strange juxtoposition of that - why was he shooting at her in the first place, instead of trying to capture her and find out who she was and how she arrived on the road he was travelling.A good, fast book, if you are looking for a fast read.
2 ||| I have used this book during my college writing class, and I definitly learned about how to avoid a few gammar mistakes. The best way I can think to use this book is to read over previous works of writing( or get someone with a trained eye) and find common grammar mistakes. Then use the book to figure out how to fix them.
4 ||| The Book of Mormon is the word of God as is the Bible as far as it is translated correctly. Those who want to know the truth and are seeking for truth will find it in the Book of Mormon. Those who have a contentious spirit or who are not really seeking truth, but just want to stir up trouble, will not only NOT see the truth contained therein, but will post sarcastic, negative and false information about this book and the Mormons in general. I am a convert to the church. I finally found what I had been looking for-a church that had truth and wasn't afraid to speak it regardless of the opinions of man. I am so grateful to have found the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints and the Book of Mormon which has helped me know more about my Savior, Jesus Christ, and who He wants me to become. You can know the truth of this book, too, if you really are seeking truth. May the Lord bless you with this knowledge as you read.
1 ||| Lots of names in this book, most I have no clue who they are. Tony Williams? Rolf Bjorling? Stephen Burks? I think another column explaining who these people are would wrap this book up nicely. Also, too many empty or generic causes of death. A little research would fill in these blanks (death cirtificates are public information).
0 ||| Hubby and I have been fans for years and I usually get him the latest volume for Christmas each year. Volume 8 was kinda lame, and this one was worse. I have told him not to expect another season for the upcoming Christmas as it's all just getting kinda boring.
0 ||| I own the VHS two disc version of this, and was very excited when this came out. I purchased it thinking it was the extended edition, but it was just the normal version with deleted scenes that were in the VHS version. I ended up giving this away. BEWARE!!!! If you want the extended version, it is only available on VHS.
1 ||| While Shaw may have been a gifted playwright, his "Saint Joan" did an enormous disservice to the subject: the view it presents of Joan of Arc conflicts with the historical evidence on nearly every point, echoing instead the propaganda of her enemies. In truth, her trial was orchestrated by the English and their clerical allies (and even Shaw admits that the Inquisition overturned the verdict in 1456, shortly after the English were finally driven out of Rouen); nor was Joan a "rebel" except in the minds of her political opponents. By dredging up this fraudulent view of La Pucelle, Shaw's play was among the first popular works to undermine the efforts of countless scholars whose research had brought a more truthful view of the issue to light. For an historically accurate version, I would recommend any book by Regine Pernoud, many of which are offered here at Amazon.
0 ||| This book concentrates on nothing at all that I could find. Information on lighting, color and composition, angle, equipment are just rushed through, and leaves you holding the bag, so to speak. All the information that you NEED to know is left out, where information that anyone who has used a camera for more than a month already should know, is covered throughout the entire book, chapter after chapter. Useless book, unless you are an ABSOLUTE BEGINNER and have never seen a digital camera operated before, buy something else. Oh, and the included software is only good when you uninstall it.I don't like getting ripped off, and after purchasing this book, I'll never buy anything who was associated with this obviously slapped together POS. And I don't think you can call "take the photos again if you don't like them" a technique. Which is mentioned in the book about 50 times... YIKES.
0 ||| In reading over the reviews posted here, it seems that people are very bothered by the shallow, materialistic protagonist. I didn't necessarily get that impression and besides, if every character was likeable and exuding righteousness, we'd never have had some of the great literary heroes and heroines. That being said, Andrea Sachs doesn't fall into that category and the book itself was largely a disappointment. I had no expectation of lofty intellectual reading, but some semblance of plot would have been nice. Every aspect of the story was completely predictable and the characters were rather poorly developed. I wouldn't go as far as to say that this was a waste of money, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone either.
1 ||| who is on crack that they think any movie is worth 42 dollars 3D or not. This is just another scam like with cell companies and internet providers charging for data like there is some limited amount that isnt self imposed. The technology is not so overwhelming in RD to cost 4 times that of dvd and twice that of blu ray.Dont get me wrong love 3D and this was one of the best 3D movies I have seen but honestly 42 dollars just is taking advantage of consumers in a market that has no where else to go. If this disk was 30 bucks Id by it hesitantly but thats the problem with blu ray they charge way to much for the theatre experience. Sad too cause this movie and captain america are ones i would have bought but i refuse to let them think this is a good going price for the gimmick.
2 ||| I had higher hopes for this after reading some of the reviews here on Amazon. I've never been that impressed with Annes's acting ability since I'm not a woman and since she mostly makes "chick flicks". So, I found the plot to be slooow moving and a little stiff. The acting was well, slightly morbid...pun, yes indeed!Anyway, three stars for the ending which was a surprise. But just so you know, this is fiction and has nothing to do with reality.
0 ||| I figured that the reason I fell asleep the first time I tried to watch this movie was just because I was tired. Tried to watch it again and the same thing happened.Special affects were good. The rest of the movie just stunk. Plot holes to drive a truck through. poor acting and some of the worst dialogue I've ever heard were enough to move this into my list of all time worst movies.Of course the inane premise should have been enough to warn me off. Let me sum it up. Egyptian High Priest is screwing around with the Pharoah's mistress. He does this out in the open where Pharoah can walk in. Pharoah comes in and with his bodygaurds right behind him. The kill him.What do they do to punish this high priest? They put a curse on him where if he is ever released, he will be the most powerful creature to ever walk the planet and end all life as we know it. Ummmm... Why not just torture him for a while and then kill him....
4 ||| Nonna is Domenica Maria D'Amore, the author's maternal grandmother and matriarch of a large Italian family. In the opening chapter, she is described as a woman of customs and traditions, one who pushed the limits of kindness to include thoughtfulness, consideration, concern, gentleness, respectfulness, politeness, and more. In the final chapter, reflecting on Nonna's death from cancer at age 58, Iezzi proclaims her to be one of the most important people in his life. A composition he wrote at that time called her "the best grandmother and the smartest storyteller in the whole world" who knew "everything in life and knew the stories of all the great people and saints that ever lived in the world." The intervening chapters are filled with anecdotes involving a variety of events and individuals that provide insight into this family as well as an earlier culture.
4 ||| Jett makes a clear case on how big business fashions the truth through their control of the media. Each time I look at MSNBC and realize that Microsoft and GE are in bed together determining what is newsworthy for us to hear, I tremble. This book is riveting and a must read.
3 ||| Tracklisting for the vinyl release of:Stevie Salas - Alter Native: The Manly 12Side One1. Alter Native (R.U. Real Native Express Mix)2. Hootchie Toad3. Make Me Blank4. What Do I Have To Do To Prove My Love To YouSide Two1. Do Your Own Thing2. Break It Out (The Legend of Johnny Puerco)3. Fear4. Me And Baby Brother5. Alter Native (Manly Super Beat Instrumental)Track 1 from Side One and Tracks 4 and 5 from Side Two are exclusive to the vinyl version.Label: IndaneeRelease: 1996
3 ||| Not exactly bedtime reading, but definitely a bit of a bible on the subject. Certainly covers the theory in much more detail than the many design standards that refer to it...
0 ||| I just purchased the Kindle version of this classic today. I paid $9.99. On the "fourth" page, there is an error at the end of Clarisse's statement, "But, you're just a man, after all..." The truncated end of the next paragraph is attached, so that it reads, "But, you're just a man, after allon again too soon..."I certainly hope the rest of the text isn't riddled with such sloppy proofing. This wasn't a free e-book, or even a deeply discounted ebook. It's a classic priced at $9.99. I expect better than this, Amazon.I bought the book today, June 6,2012, because of this morning's news of Ray Bradbury's passing. I thought, how clever, to own a book on the demise of books on my Kindle. Ironic, that the Kindle version starts off with such a sloppy mistake. Ironic, and sorely disappointing.
0 ||| This could be the worst novel I have ever read. It is also the first and last Patricia Cornwell novel I will ever read. There are so many problems with this book that they cannot be listed here, so here are but three points: 1) The main character, Kay Scarpetta, is an insufferable, humorless snob. I'd never before read a novel where I hated the main character. Great job, Pat! 2) About 90% of the novel is dialogue. Very bad dialogue. But this is understandable since Cornwell cannot write prose. 3) The story is predictable and boring, and the ending is utterly ridiculous. I'm astonished that this book was ever published, let alone made the bestseller lists.
4 ||| If a book is new to me, I tend to skip the intros, whether the translator's, author's or critic's. I picked CAZANOVA up based on a review I scanned, without reading closely. So it wasn't until near the end of it that I realized "this cannot be a contemporary novel". One of its characters--and a remarkable one--espoused as fine and powerful a description of true romantic love as exists in literature, I felt. The sad thing was, in reading it, I knew this was a dated novel. That notion of romantic love was in that "fine and private place/where none I fear do embrace", as far as I could tell.This novel is about love. In a sense, it makes a lovely headstone for the notion of romantic love.
1 ||| I was expecting more than a booklet of exercises. I guess I didn't read the information closely enough.
3 ||| I only bought this because my Great-great uncle, Ross Santee, was featured in it for about 15 seconds. The video was made in 1939, when color had just come out, and the quality of the color is awful. Shadows in people's faces are green. The story line is so basic any kid could predict the ending. Still, it was well worth $10 for me to have a tiny bit of memorabilia of my long-distant family member.
3 ||| Coyote Ugly is a sexy "feel good" movie. We get a nice introduction to Piper Perabu, who may well be the next Alicia Silverstone or Cameron Diaz. It is basically a story of a naive girl from New Jersey who comes to New York to persue her dream as a singer/songwriter.When she realizes that she isn't going to be an instant success, she takes a job in club with the title name. Her dancing skills improve and her fear of perfoming in front of crowds starts to diminish. She incidentally meets a nice young man whom she starts seeing, and though there are troubles, her move to the top is going strong by the end of the movie.The plot is very predictable, but the acting is well above average. It was nice to see of movie of this genre with relatively little foul language. I don't believe the "F" word was used at all. All in all, a nice and enjoyable movie that is suitable for most members of the family. I recommend it.
2 ||| Movie ? Blackout oh that snoozefest with three people trapped in an elevator.. yawn. How long would I last with this crew before I started to freak out, began eating one of them and beating the other 2 to death just out of sheer boredom ? I love the idea of this movie and I think the acting is fine the movie is to slow.Skip it and see "M. Night Shyamalan", "Devil", it is very much like this but better and heck it's the Devil not some dim-witted serial killer.
0 ||| I am sorry to burst the bubble but to see this record with a perfect 5star review is to me not right. This is a BORING BORING BORING record. I am glad someone else has enjoyed it because only recently have been able to finish it. I believe that 1star ratings should be as difficult to get as 5star ratings and this record is perilously close to 1star. This record is utterly lacking in creativity. It seeks to copy the generic nagging approach to altrock that certain bands (that i, appropriately enough, cannot remember the names of now) have made good on a hit or two with in MTV Buzz bins. Amazingly, [Static] falls short of even this standard mostly because of pop "melodies" that are tired and uninteresting. Vocalist, Dave Baysinger, looks and sounds as if his lifelong ambition has been becoming the third Gallegher brother(of Oasis). Let's all pray for them.
1 ||| [...] The book is a good primer on fudamental and technical analysis, but that is about it. I suppose that my expectations were too high. I subscribe to the website spin-off of thestreet.com, and find the commentary, reporting, and trading tips well worth the money. This is the sort of hard hitting writing that I expected in the book. My opinion, save your money on the book and just use the website daily.
0 ||| lower then low budget with horrible dialogue and acting. Two six year olds could have done better with a couple of kindergarten actors
4 ||| Recently I've been switching out a lot of the stuff in my kitchen with OXO brand versions. Every time I try a new one out it just seems to work. Given there is nothing revolutionary about a vegetable brush but this one just works well. Its got an easy to grip surface, is ergonomic, and easy to clean. In the end thats whats important and OXO delivers on that.
0 ||| Bought this Clipboard to store recipes for my restaurant.It immediately failed to function correctly, not closing correctly and it got worse after that to the point the locking mechanism had to be reassembled due to the poor materials used in construction.Oh well, time to find one that works correctly.
0 ||| the book came highly recommended, but it didnt humor me and I couldnt warm up to the authors style of writing. bored me too...sadly gave up half way into it.
3 ||| I read it when I was 11 and I could hardly put it down, it took me 5 days to read this amazing book. Sure there is a dead spot in the middle and it gets a little depressing, but it is worth the read. I recommend this book to anyone who likes civil war romance.
0 ||| I never liked the radio interference with this headset. It even picks up RF from my computer and nearby cell phones, but I continued to use it at my desk to reduce noise while studying. However, in less than a year, the small plastic piece that allows swivel of the ear piece broke when I was trying to adjust for comfort.I am an engineer by profession, so I looked at the joint and realized it was not sturdy enough - a very poor design. I never even traveled with these head phones. Logitech is difficult to contact for support and since I cannot find my receipt, I am out simply of luck.I also noticed this product seems to have disappeared from Logitech web site. Probably because they had so many customer complaints about these problems.This will probably keep me from considering any Logitech products again. I am shopping for different brand of noise cancelling headphones now.
1 |||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
4 ||| Ann Vanderhoof has found the way to truly enjoy the Caribbean world. Going to those islands has been a life-long dream of mine. Through her books, I have been given a much richer look at this part of the world. Thank you, Ann.
4 ||| I love this Cd and listen to it at least once a day. Lauryn has an awesome voice, and it is very versatile. She has great raps, wonderful slow songs, and a nice religious tint to some of them.My favorite song is TO ZION because I think that her voice is the prettiest in this song. It also reminds of the gospel in my church. Then Superstar is my next favorite. Doo Wop is great but they play it too much. Then Every Ghetto, Every City, and finally Forgive Them Father. Hey to Lauryn Hill: thanks a billion for such a great Cd. I can't stop diggin it.
2 ||| Stanley continues to make a good basic wood chisel at a reasonable cost. It came pretty much ready to use. Since I was doing a fairly nice piece of furniture, I wanted the edge as true and sharp as possible. Just a little effort with the "scary sharp" system got it that way. The job I applied this chisel to was with white oak. A previous experience with this chisel's 1/2" big brother was with white pine.Neither application was particularly stressful on the tools but when I had finished with several cuts there were a few tiny nicks in the edge of each of them. White oak is medium hard. White pine is not. Did not expect the nicks.However, they did do the job and I expect they will remain at the ready for future projects. And for the money this was not an investment in heirlooms or "designer" tools. So I would recommend them for every day work.
0 ||| Thank God he stopped rapping, but now this album sucks too! Glad it was free. He's reppin' Cali too- oh hell no! The crazy thing is he tried working with some new and other producers like R. Kelly and Timberland and they did him wrong! There are only three tight songs numbers 3, 4 and 5, all were produced by Rodney Jerkins, he can't be his sister though, this album proves Ray J just ain't got it, maybe he could if he had just stuck with using Rodney Jerkins. But the beats are not supposed to make you tight, your supposed to make that beat what it is and more.
0 ||| I started to read just the introduction and I started to sense that something was wrong, very wrong. Besides the assumption of eco-feminism as compatible with Orthodoxy, he discusses the occult he was deeply involved with in terms that made me more than uncomfortable: admiration, an ambassador's tone in describing occult matters, almost reminiscent of patriotism. This is the sort of thing one should speak of out of deep humility spurred by repentance from serious sin.This is the first time I have purchased a book that I thought was Orthodox theology and didn't get past the introduction before regretting I'd made the purchase.If you wonder, "Does this critic have anything better to say?" then <a href="http://www.amazon.com/author/cjshayward">I invite you to visit my own author's section.</a>
1 ||| A workout disc yes knocks you off you feet funky fat beats no, I use it but not that much I like my workout music throbbing throughout not fall off in the middle to some silly disco beats.
2 ||| Had trouble with the book, just couldn't keep me interested. But that doesn't mean the same will happened to you. I love to read what New Mexico story tellers have to say, that's how I came to buy this book.
0 ||| The book starts well( first 20 pages). However, the writing switches from overloaded sentences, to very basic prose all over the place. The author leaves you wondering why the relationship betwen Marc and Uva is so strong.Why does Marc go in search for her. Would not a foreigner taht has been attacked leave the country? And then magicaly Uva appears in the last chapter out of nowhere.Do not waste your time reading this novel.
4 ||| After listening to Michael Ball on the Complete Symphonic Recording of Les Miserables and seeing him again on the Miz DVD, I must say I was very impressed by this CD. He has a very sultry voice that is one that both soothes and gets the blood pumping. I love "Boy From Nowhere", "Winner Takes It All" and of course the two Phantom of the Opera selections. His vocals are really something else and for a starter Michael Ball CD, this would be the one to buy.
3 ||| I ordered 2 servers and the head of one of them was bent right out of the box. The neck of the server is relatively wide and thin and I was able to easily bend it back to normal position. Because of that, I can now imagine that the head may bend again in the future should it be subjected to pressure trying to scoop some sticky heavy pasta. I wanted to avoid plastic servers and this is what I fell into.It looks nice though and I will give it a shot and see if it withstands real life sticky pasta challenge or not. My gut feeling is that it will.. but who knows!
2 ||| I liked this movie,and I agree Miranda is a hottie. I don't feel that this movie did justice to Shakespeare. I mean you take a play written by the greatest writter in history and turn into a made for T.V. movie? Come on, whose Idea was this? I did like the special effects. I wonder what Shakespeare would have done if he were alive today.
4 ||| Book was in great condition when received. Took a little longer to get here but when emailed the customer service was awesome and super helpful! I will definitely order from them again!
1 ||| To read this book you need to be fully awake and have full concentration. This is not the type of book to bring to the beach. Though Richard Hofstadter makes a convincing case of what colonial times were like and he obviously was a scholar, he writes very monotonously. if not thouroughly interested in american history at 1750 i would not recommend this book. otherwise, if you are a history-fanatic, this book gives a wide range of perspectives and fully covers the history of the time.
0 ||| The way it fits in real life is not at all like the photo they use for the product. There are 3 levels of hooks when there should be 2 at maximum, and the cups are oversized. Their B-cup is like a C. Also, the straps are very wide, and the whole bra is cumbersome, uncomfortable, and unflattering.
0 ||| Totally disappointing. The dead space is unbelievably large and the 8-directional button keeps misinterpreting input strokes. Can't believe this junk has the Thrustmaster name on it. The wheel is cheap plastic construction and has a very flimsy feeling. Don't waste your time and money on this one.
4 ||| I have been hooked on Kenyon's Dark-Hunters since book one. And after a dozen or so books, this entry is still my all-time favorite. Each of the hunters is something of an outcast/rebel. Valerius stands out because he's an outcast even among Dark Hunters - he's a Roman and the mostly ancient-Greek hunters hate him. In particular Kyrian, who was betrayed and murdered by Valerius' own father, and Zarek, who was abused by the same man. Further, "Val" comes off as a sanctimonious prick. Yet, Tabitha will discover a man of honor, compassion and deep feelings beneath that mask. But, their romance faces obstacles beyond daemons and reclaiming his soul - her sister and family.This story sucked me in even more than all the others. I could not put it down and have re-read it many times. The entire series is wonderful, with rich mythology and complex characters. Highly recommended!
2 ||| ***This movie IS NOT DUBBED in Spanish. It was originally filmed in Spanish.***Esta pelcula no est doblada al espaol. Fue filmada en espaol.Melodrama sobreextendido. Pudo haber sido (y tengo entendido que fue) un gran cortometraje. De todos modos, vale la pena verla, siendo el nico largometraje sobre los puertorriqueos en la guerra de Vietnam.This is an overextended melodrama. It could have been (and I believe it was) an excellent short. Nevertheless, it is worth watching, given that this is the only feature-length film about Puerto Ricans in Vietnam.
2 ||| After reading all the reviews... I ordered one size smaller. They must have corrected this issue after so many complaints. The three dresses I purchased 2 in L and 1 XL all fit the bridesmaids waist but was at least 4" -8" small in the bust. I had the L girls try on the XL and it still didn't work. I will be returning these asking for 2X and 3X now. I am praying the exchange is processed as quickly as the original. The dresses are very pretty and here's to hoping they arrive in correct sizes in time for the wedding.
1 ||| I watched the whole movie for the first time in TV. After watching the movie, I COULD NOT GO TO SLEEP. I was keep thinking about the movie. The end bothered me very much. Why in the world Nelson go after her? I don't know, the ending just bothered me so much, I couldn't go to sleep.
1 ||| When I first recieved this product I was vey excited. I exposed myself immediately and got fitted for tights. However my super powers did not manifest in the promised 2-4 weeks. Instead I got cancer. I was incredibly displeased with this turn of events, and almost requested my money back. The product redeemed itself after I gave it to my annoying neighbor and not only gave HIM cancer, but also mutated his dog into a rampaging monster.
1 ||| I have been buying OXO peelers for years. When they came out with a stainless top for the blade, I grabbed it and bought them for my kids. This one looked so sleek and attractive so I bought 3. Awful design, doesn't peel well, have to expend too much energy. The only thing i could say about it is that it looks nice.
4 ||| The stories in "The Mishomis Book" give an excellent background for the Anishnabe culture. I have heard Anishnabe Elders refer to it as a children's bible for the Anishnabe.It begins with the origin of the Anishnabe People. It continues through many of the stories that establish the mores and society of this culture. All of these stories are written in a way children can understand.I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the culture of the Woodland Indians. It has been a beginning point of understanding this culture for me and, I am certain, many others.
1 ||| I purchased this player and have used it now for several months. The player & software work but based on my experience I really can't recommend purchasing this unit. My reasons are that 1) the battery life seems very limited and the player stops working usually after about 2-hours of play. I constantly have to change the batteries and the old ones still have life and work fine in my Walkman. 2) the player's software seems to be problematic and will lock-up on many MP3's that play perfectly fine on my computer. Sometimes the player will just stop for no apparent reason. 3) finally, the menus are a little difficult (bass & treble) to operate when exercising and the skip forward and backwards features to not seem to operate effectively.
4 ||| What a lovely cd(as was the movie.) The music is deeply moving and emotional. Tracks 1 thru 5 remind me of the romantic scenes, and tracks 6 thru 9 remind me of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Hans Zimmer is a great composer. Also, "There You'll Be" by Faith Hill is wonderful and heartfelt. This soundtrack is a true gem and I recommend it.
4 ||| WOW!!! Great Album!! I love listening to this CD over and over and over again! Thank you so much Clay, Love ALL of the songs, it is hard to pick a favorite, but I will try, I really love Measure of a Man, The Way, I Will Carry You, Perfect Day, Touch, When You Say You Love Me, Run To Me, No More Sad Songs and of course This Is The Night!!! Great job sweetie!! Clay will be making Christmas shopping easy this year!!! My goodness, I will be buying some more of this cd!!!!! 5 STARS!!!!
1 ||| nothing fancy but does the job, plastic insides not practical for use, like how it won't let you open it when it's upside down.
1 ||| i been waitin on this since Pete started sayin new album 5 or 7 years ago. but screw that. anybody that likes The Who is gonna like this mini set. i,ll call somethin bad if i hear it. Like Pete said. "This is good music". if yer a fan o the Who Get ready cuz some even better stuff is comin. this 1,s nice as hell tho.i dont know why i aint got no voting buttons
0 ||| this memory card is awful! i've only had it for a little over a year now and i've already had format it 3 times!!! thats a lot over memory to lose! so i say if you are gonna get a memory card get one by nintendo....and burn the old one!!
0 ||| Better bands with more comfortable hand grips are available just about everywhere, sporting goods stores, walmart, etc for a lot less. I bought this set for the DVD workout which was a joke. It is poorly made, boring and rushed. You have to remember the exercises because it goes through them too quickly to use as a workout. I returned the set.
3 ||| For those of you wanting early Mahavishnu Orchestra fusion pyrotechnics ignore this, but if you want to listen to a guitar,organ,drums trio playing tasteful and flawlessly executed jazz then look no further. Incidentally if you like this as I did then check out Live In Tokyo which is equally superb with the fine Dennis Chambers on drums instead of Elvin Jones in this instance. Check it out!
0 ||| I got this book as a gift and it is clear from the quality of the writing that it was written by the author while she was sleep deprived. I feel the bad writing did little to keep my interest in the subject matter.
0 ||| This English dubbed Japanese movie is probably done as best they could under their low budget, but it isn't very interesting nor entertaining. And to buy the premise, you'd have to have a near-zero scientific IQ. Burning all the rocket fuel ever made wouldn't budge the earth, and even if it did, the Earth's rotation would mean the Rockets are pushing in a different direction as the day progresses. And the moon being destroyed "saving" them? That's hilarious! Without the moon the earth would be knocked off its axis and most, if not all life would be destroyed.
4 ||| I read this book in the early 1990s. Since then I have re-read it several times. Simply the best World War III depiction of the 80s and 90s. A great read even today, even if the Cold War is long over. The introduction hardly lasts 70 pages, and then its unfettered war, war and war. Brilliant!Unfortunately, Clancy's work has deteroriated in recent years. His latest sponsored work, EndWar was a huge disappointment of an old man stuck in a Cold War past. Fortunately the pool of creativity is endless and new authors are replacing old has-beens. "War against Islam" by George P. Robertson is the Red Storm Rising of 2008. Another great book is Caliphate by Tom Kratzman...
4 ||| Ms. Warwick issued TWO albums titled "Dionne" creating this confusion. The first was in 1972 and is the other "Dionne" offering on the website with the proper cover. The cover on this offering is from 1979, but includes the tracks from the 1972 album. I was most disappointed when I found that both are not issued (unless the above track listing is erroneous). The track listing for the 1979 album with the above cover was: Who, What, When, Where, Why; After You; The Letter; I'll Never Love This Way Again; Deja Vu; Feeling Old Feelings; In Your Eyes; My Everlasting Lover; Out of My Hands; All the Time. WHAT A SHAME that album apparently has not been reissued.
4 ||| I have followed the Twilight movies for years. I am a big fan of the love story between Bella and Edward. Part one left me wanting more. I cannot wait to see the final chapter.
4 ||| I read "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" to test out my new Kindle. It is extremely short and has a plot that has been adapted so many times that I really wasn't expecting what I got out of the real thing. Irving's writing was witty and beautifully descriptive. Its vocabulary was also often surprisingly advanced for such a short book. However, if a person goes into this book looking for a spooky tale of terror, this is not the place to look. Most of the actual book is build-up and description. Rather than being the scary story that people come to expect due to the many film adaptations, it seems to be more of an example showing how people can get carried away with superstitions as well as what deeds people can perform when consumed by jealousy. Irving's hints that Brom's jealousy prompted him to perform the elaborate hoax in which Ichabod's fears of The Headless Horseman are realized seemed pretty obvious to me.
1 ||| I suppose if you were going to sit in the same room and have line-of-sight with the device, lamp, etc. plugged into this control, it might work. Maybe. But I had it completely within the stated range and one basic house wall separating me and the unit, and it was completely unreliable.I'd recommend spending a touch more money and getting a higher quality product.
3 ||| This book was not what I had hoped for in that it didn't give the details of the fighting that I was expecting. It is more of an overview of the war with seemingly more emphasis on the pre-war portion. Still, It is an interesting read and I would recommend it to anyone interested in the entire time frame, both pre and post World War Two era.
3 ||| Unlike alot of diehard Nora fans I can't say I was dying for this story I would have been just as happy for it to have stayed as it was but at the same time I still look forward to it. The best part was meeting up with the brothers and their families. As for the story what bothered me the most is this story was already told. Seth's mother comes back to blackmail everyone and cause trouble sorry but that already happened in the previous books why tell it again. Also if they are such a close knit who are always there for each other why would Seth have been paying her off since he was 14. O.K. she threatened the kids but after he matured you think he would have gone to them so I think it's lame.Plus if Gloria is such a drug user you'd think she'd be dead by now. My review is that it was o.k. but hardly one of her best.
3 ||| Having heard about Allan Quartermain forever, I finally decided to try one of his adventures. I was not disappointed. The story, told by Quartermain himself, moves along very naturally. It is a great adventure story, with big battles, tough decisions, quick thinking, and life or death struggles. You do, however, have to have a little appreciation for the fact that it was written in the late 1800's, so some of the plot devices are predictable and the outcomes forseen miles away, but it doesn't detract from the fact that the book is a fun, easy read.
1 ||| As others mentioned, we bought this phone for the price. I would disagree with one previous note, the sound quality was always very clear. But, 2 years later, we are buying a new phone because the buttons stick on this one. After about 18 months of moderate use, the buttons started responding sporadically. Sometimes they work fine, other times they would not even respond to being pressed, and then other times, they would double dial when you press them once. I would not recommend this phone to anyone who wants something that won't be in the landfill 2 years later.
3 ||| Look, none of these movies have been very good, but they are fun, fairly faithful to the books, and filled with very attractive (and a few even talented) actors.The negatives are easy to harp on (startlingly mediocre special effects, incredibly cheesy dialogue, crazily short scenes and timing that seemingly goes awry), but the question is one for each moviegoer: are you on board for the ride?If you are, you are going to enjoy it; the movie moves along, explores the big emotions of love and jealousy, and it is a critical part of the overall Twilight experience.If you are looking for a good movie and aren't really part of the Twilight universe, my guess is that you won't really enjoy it that much.But if you are the latter, why are you watching the fourth movie?I am looking forward to the final installment.
4 ||| I'm not sure how true all of the "accusations" / "observations" are about the infamous Mr. Wynn, but the book is extremely well written. Paired with the "Green Felt Jungle" (another excellent book) you will be hard-pressed to put these two books down. I would recommend this book to everyone.
3 ||| I am a great Beatles fan,but this is much less than their other LPs.1. Magical Mystery Tour - a nice song. 7/102. Fool on the Hill- Good McCartney ballad. 7/103. Flying - An instrumental 5/104. Blue Jay Way - nothing expecial 6/105. Your Mother Should Know - Old style fun 6/106. I Am the Walrus - Great 9/107. Hello Goodbye - Overrated 5/108. Strawberry Fields Forever- A MASTERPIECE 10/109. Penny Lane - Great 8/1010. Baby You're a Rich Man 5/1011. All You Need Is Love - Overrated 6/10
0 ||| This book made me incredibly angry. In a nutshell, it is the horrifying story of one woman's life and legacy of ignorance, immorality, illegality, and vice. It's a very compelling read and well-written in terms of the subject matter, but there is a consistent theme throughout the book of "failure of the system," which I found insulting considering Rosa Lee and her family's grave manipulation, exploitation, and abuse of every helping hand extended.
0 ||| Absolutely horrible. Both fans of the series and the elder Herbert's memory would have been better served by an edited version of the latter's notebooks, not this cheap tripe. This is the only prequel I have read (I forced myself to finish it), and the only one I will.Don't waste your money. Or your time: if offered it for free, politely decline. Ghastly.
3 ||| The reason I think it could be better is simple--if you were in the same situation as Dawn, when her brother raped her, you would more than likely feel very insecure and embarassed about that. Dawn, on the other hand, seemed to forget about that situation until Phillip showed up in her bedroom. Otherwise, the book was great, and I couldn't put it down.
4 ||| I stumbled across Ladies With Options while browsing for an audio book to listen to while communting to work. This book is an absolute delight. In fact, the book is so engaging that there were times when I'd reached the office and sat in the parking garage listening rather than interupt a point in the story! When the book was finished I felt like I was missing old friends. Can't wait to see the movie version and eagerly await Ladies With Prospects.
0 ||| I could hardly wait for this book to come out,but after reading it I feel I should have gone to the library and got it instead of spending the money. Too much hype for not a really great story.It was so predictable we all knew were the author was going. I love all her books but I was disapointed in this one.
2 ||| If you want the best Oasis for the Oasis sound, purchase "Definately Maybe" or "The Masterplan." If you want a great album of a different sound, buy "Be Here Now." The band was on its best behavior and performance, taking the time to make 12 quality tracks.Some of the top tracks, "D'You Know What I Mean," "Fade In/Out" "Magic Pie" and "All Around the World." I hope that on their next album, Noel takes the time to sing lead on a few more songs. I have yet to hear a bad Oasis song with him singing lead.
3 ||| Love this movie. A brilliant film by master Dassin! But this DVD was a gift for a deaf friend! Yeah... I know... I didn't read the cover guidelines. Anyway, I think one of the best things of DVD are the multiple languages or caption subtitles. Image must do something.
3 ||| I use it on my lap for my 12.1" notebook that heats up pretty quick. It saves my lap from getting burned. I also use it on my desk for the fact that it swivels. I love that because I can easily get to the back to the notebook for plugging things in and out. I couldn't imagine not having one. However, it loses 1 star for the fact that 2 pieces of plastic with rubber pads costs as much as it does.
4 ||| Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day: a delightful, classically English story about a woman put into a situation completely out of her element, who surprises herself and rises to the occasion. An amusing, light, easy read that I enjoyed. The movie diverges quite a bit from the plot of the book. While I enjoyed the wonderful acting in the movie, I preferred the book's plot.
1 ||| This is a great movie. We always watch it around the holidays. However, the picture quality on this DVD is terrible. I think the VHS version is better. They should really go back and redo the digital version.
1 ||| I could not find this anywhere but here at the time so I got it and had it shipped. After getting it and blowing it up it isn't as big as I would like it to be. With shipping and handling it came to $50.00. NOT worth $50.00! It's a neat idea but not worth the price in my eyes. Found it at Target a week ago...OH WELL.
4 ||| two giants in music give us a great disc.joe williams was a great vocalist with a great range.count was a great band leader.his style and arrangements fit perfectly with anyone with talent.and this disc is a must have.
0 ||| I wanted to like this film. Really, I did. But there's not a scary frame in the film. The suspense falls flat, the dialogue is ugh, the characters to me were nothing more than fish food, and it's vastly overrated. I wanted SO much to have a GREAT time watching this film, but I just couldn't. I apologize, but I can't lie. I hated this movie.
0 ||| table of contents is not there on my kindle as advertised. poe is anamzing author but his body of work is unmanagable on my kindle and therefore nearly useless. i do not have the patience to page through literally thousands of pages. disappointing useless waste of time and money.
4 ||| Congo is a brilliant book with facinating theorys and wonderul descriptions. You follow Amy the gorilla, Peter Elliot and Karon Ross in suspence as they are hunted by gorillas and travel to the Lost City of Zinj. They discover the horrible secrets of the Lost City and use the strange new breed of gorrilas language to get back home.The story takes place in Congo at the Lost City of Zinj. It mostly keeps to life when it comes to gorillas, but it kind of strays into fantasy when it comes to breeding Gorillas and humans.Elliot studies gorillas and took in Amy a young age. He taught her sign language and she is now almost fluent. Elliot loves Amy, but can sometimes get impationt with her. Ross is very impationt with Amy, and is only interested in the crytle that the people of Zinj are said to have kept. Though she too is interested in the mystory of the City.Over all, the book is interesting and brilliant...
1 ||| I've read so many good reviews and bad reviews of this Ridley Scott Film Noir/Science Fiction thriller that I became confused as to how good it really is. Well I finally bought it and watched it. Want the truth? It is a slow, unnecessarily complex movie about androids and humans. It is cold, violent, and none-to-bright either. However, the movie's architectural designs and the fact that it was based on a Philip K. Dick novel certainly make it interesting...but it just isn't that good. Cast (especially Ford) excells. Director's Cut does nothing to improve it either.
4 ||| iBeam is a good product.. the laser goes a quarter of a mile. hasnt malfunctioned yet. flashlight is high quality. nothing bad to say about it. great price!!
3 ||| An enjoyable enough read -- although like some other reviewers, I am somewhat skeptical of the accuracy of Smith's research. The characters are fairly one dimensional and the "bad guys" are prototypical.Beyond that, it is entertaining -- kinda like a summer action flick -- lots of action, not much substance.Kid Alert! This novel has some extremely graphic sex scenes.
1 ||| I wasn't crazy about this book for a couple of reasons. First, it starts out with the two kids being scared because there's a thunderstorm. We tell our daughter that thunder and lightning are parts of nature, and that they're nothing to be afraid of, so I'd rather she not be given an example of kids who are so scared of storms that they can't stay in bed. Second, this book talks about an uncle in heaven. If that fits with your views, no problem, but it doesn't fit with ours. Nonreligious/agnostic/secular parents should know the reference is there before buying.
4 ||| In short, this book has saved my life! I have dealt with depression for a long time and keep asking the question "What is the purpose of my life? Why am I here?" This book answered those questions for me and helped to lead me down a path that gives purpose and meaning to my life. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is asking themselves the same questions.
3 ||| I bought this in the kill Chiba 3-pack and while there is NO martial arts in this. It is a very good movie. Sonny Chiba is the train conductor and only has about 5 minutes in the movie btu a great thing to watch is the villian. You may recognoze him as the partner of Michael Douglas in Ridley Scott's Black Rain. He really brings a realism to the character. So literally no action in this movie except for a couple gun shots, but this thing has a very tight plot and will keep you in it all the way.Crash cinema version has watchable picture quality and is widescreened with acceptable English dubbing.
3 ||| This is really an excellent book. I'm an engineer, and college professor, and publications like this are collector's items! I admire the completeness, and the very digestable writing style. Graphics are very clear and explicative. Only suggestion: the glossary should include a list of the tools and other technical terms.
3 ||| Simenon is always an OK read. As time goes on, maybe one of the unforseen feats of Simenon, is that he has left a series of quite accurate images of French society as he experienced it. In this book we discover the world of Hotel Majestic in Paris, seen from the perspective of the employees. We are also a trip to Cannes and Cte d'Azur discovering the life of prostitutes there. The plot of the crime Maigret is unveiling in this book is quite sophisticated, perhaps a bit to sophisiticated?
1 ||| Great album in its original form, but this is not the originalversion. For example, the original, released by Mediarts in1970 has the best version of "Castles In The Air " which wasfaster ( running time 2:50 )and featured great finger-pickingand singing. Don Mclean did not like the version, and theslower version, complete with awful strings and drums has takenit's place on many of his " best of " recordings. I believethe wonderful song " No Reason For Your Dreams " has beentampered with also. I know you can get the original versionon vinyl, and EMI Records boasts you can find it in their"legendary artists series ", but I have not seen it.Bottom line : wonderful album if you can get the actualoriginal version. Let the buyer beware : I just paid $20for the 'ORIGINAL RECORDING FROM MASTER COPY 'and it isnot the original album. These record companies need to stopremastering these gems unless they can stick to the ORIGINALformat.
3 ||| This is not my favorite movie ever, but it is certainly one of my seven year old son's favorite. We saw this movie when it came out in the theaters, and have rented it a few times. I decided to purchase it for his PSP becasue it will be a good one for him to watch while traveling this summer.The story line is pretty straight forward, and the acting is nothing to write home about, but he seems to like to watch it over and over agian. So as far as a movie for the young ones goes it is pretty good.
0 ||| This book had nothing to do with the Nigt World. I was disapointed that it didn't have anything about soalmates or any Night World related subjects. I do not know why Smith would actually put it in the series. This was the only book in the series that actually got boring. If you want cool excitement and romance read Black Dawn or Secreat Vampire!
3 ||| An excellent call-to-arms, passionately written and exhaustively researched work about climate change and what it means for the future of the planet and mankind. If you're interested in educating yourself about Global Warming, this is an excellent place to start. My only complaint about this book is that Flannery's prose is maddeningly inconsistent. At times it's eloquent and bristling with urgency, at other times muddled and clumsy in its delivery. However, these are petty criticisms. The message of the book is the main thing and it's powerful - climate change is a serious threat to all of us and unless we do something about it right now it may be too late. Read it and decide for yourself what you can do. Recommended.
1 ||| the movie Night Train to Terror is very violent bloody, and scary. There is no menu start on this movie,just insert in dvd player and the movie begins. It is very scary and unpredictable.
4 ||| I love Kelly Clarkson, and I love this CD! All of the songs are great, and I can't wait for the next American Idol CD to come out... then I'll have everything that I need until this American Idol is over (that is until From Justin to Kelly comes out). If you like a person with a really good voice, you should get this CD!
4 ||| When I first picked up East of Eden, I was not sure that I would enjoy it. The first 40 or so pages did not hold my attention, but it seems that once I turned to page 41, I was HOOKED and could not put the large novel down until it was done.The stories of the Hamiltons and Trasks intersect so beautifully and Lee's character is one that I will probably remember forever. So many of his observations about Americans and California are ones that were true in the 1900s and continue to ring true a century later. I highlighted many passages in this book as ones that I won't forget and would recommend this book to anyone.
3 ||| Use this as an OT with kids in school. Better suction on the new model. Still not made of metal excepet for the sharpener but a good bang for its buck.
4 ||| This is a solid and useful study guide. Especially useful are the questions at the end of the each chapter, the electronic practice exams on the CD, and the quizlets. The book lacks hands on programming projects, or programming assignments, which would have been really useful for solidifying the material. Yes, you can make stuff like this up for yourself, but then why are you buying a book?Also note that this book is not for the current version of the exam, and after december 14th 2004, the version of the exam that the book was made for will no longer be relevant.My favorite chapter was the one on enterpise design patterns. The author also has a good little section on showing how all of the design patterns presented fit into the enterprise architecture as a whole.
3 ||| I have not seen the movie (my wife did the preview) but then I bought for our granddaughters to watch this summer when they are here. I think the older one liked it more than the younger 2, but overall they liked it.
1 ||| The only thing that saves this effort from a one-star rating is its enjoyable silliness, which is pretty extreme even for poverty row Forties horror flicks. This time, Bela Lugosi is "Dr. Brewster" (yet another Anglo-Saxon name for the exotic Hungarian!), whose unholy experiments with apes have given him a face-encircling beard, a slouching gait, and a tendency to sleep in a cage with his pet gorilla. He needs fresh spinal fluid (human only, please) to restore him to normal, so many complications ensue. His only ally is his sympathetic sister (Minerva Urecal), who addresses him as "you poor boy!" (Lugosi was about 60 at the time.) The film was aparently not even intended to be taken seriously, which is its one small saving grace. Even Lugosi is not as charismatic as usual.
0 ||| The game was almost unfinished, like they had to get it out by a certain deadline. For instance the two cars on the back of the cd case aren't in the game. The steering is practically impossible without the steering wheel thing that comes seperately for like ... I suggest you don't waste your time and money on this game.
1 ||| I bought this produce for the same reasons many other costumers provided here. It is cute, portable and easy to clean. And it is all that, but I have had it for only 2-3 months and is already broken. One of the buckles broke early on during transport or use, not sure. And then the cloth material started stretching until the baby's butt was resting in the chair (the base chair, or the floor if the chair was put in the floor). No more booster chair any more. I had to put a few fillers underneath so it still works as a booster, but now is not portable any more.
0 ||| i saw nixon the day prior and to say i was let down by this one is an understatement... brolin was decent, whoever played the part of rice was horrible... it just seemed like a really poorly acted, scripted movie... no insights, no real life portrayals of the struggles in the white house, especially between bush and cheney in the later years... turned those 8 horrible years into a joke... a horrible joke most of us have suffered through...
3 ||| This album is for you if you enjoy violins, and long ambient pieces. Worth a purchase if you're into that kind of thing.
1 ||| Those 3 words are- sloppy,stupid, and ugly. After playing this game, I am so happy that I bought 007 instead. As you know both are ports of ps2 games, with one major difference- james bond has actually been improved on, and spy hunter has been cut up. It is an extremely sloppy port from the ps2 version. Graphics just plain stink, pretty much no real damage to anything at all, and it gets boring faster than the levels can load. There are driving levels on james bond, and, sad to say, they are better than this whole game! And you get to shoot suff and have multiplayer. But seriously, on the driving 007 levels there is real damage and all the weapons and gadgets of spy hunter, so just get it and have fun running into ped cars.
0 ||| After playing the pervious version (Mortal Kombat 3) I was quite impressed and would have expected the next (Mortal Kombat 4) to be even better. However the cold hard fact is that this is just not true. When I first got this game I opened it with trembling fingers and quickly slid in the game and went right for the power switch only to be stunned with disbelief. The graphics were horrendous, the sound was almost pointless, and there was no control to speak of once you started playing. The bottom line is this game isn't even worth thinking about. My suggestion to you if you must play Mortal Kombat right now is to get Mortal Kombat 3. But if I were you I'd wait till Mortal Kombat 5 comes out.
1 ||| Sedaris is a funny man!! The desription of him and his stories as laugh out loud funny is right on the mark. I would have appreciated a heads up on the graphic nature of some of his tellings, though. I bought two of hese books as gifts...I felt I needed to apologize to the one recipient who received the book before I read it myself...the other one was never given...I was too embarrassed by the the raw sexual nature of several of Sedaris' musings. So be ready to laugh out loud but keep ready, ready to hide your eyes...I would strongly suggest a read through BEFORE you decide to gift this one.
2 ||| I rented Punch-Drunk Love with the expectation of seeing a beautiful, artistic, and meaningful film that I could treasure and watch over-and-over again.I found little to be treasured.Certainly, the cinematography was lovely, the eerie soundtrack suited the movie's mood perfectly, the actors (for the most part) performed their roles very well, but otherwise...Nothing about the movie held me. The complexities of the life of a man with various mental disorders do not interest me (when presented without any particular purpose or meaning). The love story between Sandler and his love-interest did not catch my interest either.I feel that this film has no binding point of interest. I'd pass on it if I were you.
0 ||| As a Santana super fan this album feels so empty, sad and desperate.Supernatural was ok, Shaman,recicable and this one is pure crap.Santana please go back to yourself, Abraxas, Zebop, Inner Secrets, Moon Flower etc... The guitar lines sounds improvised and anoyng on top of this not Santana music, do yourself a favor, don't waste your money and time...Booooo
4 ||| This sharpener gives a very nice point and does it quickly. My only complaints: The base could be heavier or grip the desk better to prevent a little bit of sliding when you insert the pencil and it's easy to insert the pencil too far, stopping the motor. This makes operation a little less smooth for kids, the primary users in our house. That said, it absolutely does a good job and I am satisfied with it.
4 ||| Reading this book gave me my start in my self study of cryptography, its science and its history. While I will not pretend to be anywhere near an expert on the subject, I found this book very insightful. It is an easy read, and not tedious in any way. It is meant as a "science for non-scientists" type book, and more of a history than anything else. (I have only managed to solve the first two cryptologic challenges at the end of this book, but am diligently working on the rest in my spare time.)
3 ||| part three is a nice sequel to part 1 and 2, even though i personaly think part 2 did rubbish ,i think part 3 did much better. Thers many more murders and blood , part 3 has the best startin point in the film, even though no freddie movie succeded like part 1 this film still did pretty well.
0 ||| It can't get the correct IP from my Dlink wireless router-DI 614+.(I also have 2 other wireless adapters which work very well)While the monitor software always said it had been connected to the router,but it was not the truth.I have to reboot my computer for many times to make the connection correctly,although once it starts to work everything looks good.After past 3 days' configuration,I found the problem can't be solved,so I decide to return it.
2 ||| Check out my review of the box set containing Volumes 1 through 4 of this series.Apart from anything else, it lists the episodes included on this and the other tapes.
3 ||| Interestingly, not one of the reviews of this film gets close to identifying the critique of gay culture that is its raison d'etre. One could argue that makes the film something of a failure, but I'm not so sure. Maybe it says more about the gay audience. One is tempted to conclude that if it's not soft porn or romantic wish-fulfillment then they're just not buying it. However, if you're open to something more, and something different, then you might just appreciate The Houseboy. It's slow in spots and the acting isn't great, but it's an unsettlingly accurate portrait of the demoralizing effects of the merry-go-round of mindless sex, and it has something worthwhile to say about the things that get lost along the way. For all it's faults, it's ultimately as sweet as it is dark, and somewhat more profound than it might at first seem.
4 ||| This film is A VERY good one..it has mystery,horror,style good acting. The crows annoyed me to bits but that was part and parcel of what made the film so creapy. The camera work is second to none and i believe is ahead of it's time;how they found the killer is beyond me but even that was a good stroke. The lead actress was a bit over the top with the noise she made and she to me failed to cut it as the opera singer type and she looked stilted while performng the opera scenes but she was nice in her role.Filled with twists and turns it's ending rivals any i've seen for drama .This is highly recommended by me..highly.The score is just awesome.
4 ||| This was an interesting movie with good actors and an explicit plot.It is worth seeing for Marlon Brando's great performance.This was a good movie for people that are into trashy romance.However,it isn't for all audiences but it is a compelling and fascinating film for adults.Very powerfull .
0 ||| Found the chosen story lines disappointing. The booked lacked reader appeal for me, hence I was not compelled to return tothe book after several chapters had been read.
0 ||| I bought two adapters from a third party site on Amazon. One of them was defective. I tried calling Belkin and after talking to 4 people the problem wasn't solved.The last one asked me to download some software ferom belkin before they could replace it. I called them back when it didn't work, only to be told that, " They didn't have the power to order a replacement and I would have to wait for someone to call me back.The WORST customer service I have ever come across. I will never buy a belkin product again.
0 ||| The fabric is very common, the finishes are really bad, the mask was broken the first time, the layer has no seams, the fabric also is leadership, not what I expected.
3 ||| Marcella Detroit has had a long and interesting career. Starting off with Eric Clapton and singing the blues, she transformed herself to one half of the goth pop duo Shakespears Sister. When Marcella parted ways with Shakespears Sister founder she followed up that successful act with Jewel. I Believe was the big hit off this record, but man so many of the tracks are smoking hot. Detroit, James Brown and I Want to Take you Higher are great jams; but it is the goth pop sound of Art of Melancholy that is my personal favorite. So much of our contemporary "music" is crap...Britney, Keisha, J-Lo, Beyonce, shouldn't be allowed to sing in the shower in my opinion. Do yourself a favor and get this cd/mp3 download.
3 ||| I would like to first say that this book was an interesting read as far as mixing racism and politics with drama. The author heightens intellect with urban intellect (intellect with street smarts or what is referred to as common sense). However, the drama is what kept me interested in reading this book. At times I felt as if the author's political views were contradictory and confusing until the lessons at the end of the book. Although I understand the authors reasoning for writing the literature in this form, I believe that the form that was utilized can easily distance a reader from completing the book. Overall, I admire how Ms. Souljah demonstrates the effects politics joined with racism has on everyday life for African Americans and Caucasians.
4 ||| This was exactly the type of mirror I was looking for. It gives a very good view of any traffic coming up behind me without having to turn my head. I also like the flexability in positioning it on my handle bar. I had checked local bike stores who either did not carry the mirror or it was way more than the Amazon price. Plus, I had the mirror exactly 24 hours after ordering. That is service!
3 ||| No wonder there are so many unhappy men in America...that attitude from a woman did not fly with me. A friend of mine had it and I wanted to check it out. She is definitely a bitch in many ways, but not like in the book.
0 ||| First of all, interested readers should be made aware that this is not the same educational type DARE TO BE GREAT books that are out by great writers like Cameron and Kreuger. You won't find any information in this tome on how to be great at anything.Instead of being educational, this book is about an apparent ripoff company called Dare To Be Great from the 70's. According to author Rudy Maxa, the founder and CEO Glenn W. Turner cheated thousands out of $44 million+ with an apparent illegal pyramid scheme called DARE TO BE GREAT.Judging by the reviews here, Turner apparently had a lot of fans and supporters. In any event, I found this book worthless and not even worth the $1.25 it was selling for at a used book store. The book is small and has no useful content.
0 ||| The seller was wonderful and fast. But the cartridge is a brick. My Dell all-in-one will not recognize it. And even if I override the cartridge is empty nag screen, the ink still will not flow. Nothing. I tried cleaning the nozzles and the printer will not even do that because it refuses to recognize it. Wasted money indeed.
0 ||| This book had no information about what to feed bearded dragons. It was not specific. Just said vegetables. Did not say what kind, how much. It had no information about the proper habitat. I would not recommend this book to anyone. It was not very informative. I would appreciate a refund.
1 ||| It's a shame that Kubrick obviously felt we British aren't responsible enough to see A Clockwork Orange. Out-dated censors I can understand , but a ground breaking film director? Not good.
2 ||| This is something you cannot do. The Cthulhu mythos begins and ends with Lovecraft as far as I'm concerned. It's just not scary when anyone else tries it. Don't get me wrong I love Moore's earlier work. From Hell is the last thing he did worth buying and it could've benefited from major editing. If you're interested in Alan Moore check out Watchmen, V for Vendetta, or The Complete DR and Quinch. If you're interested in the Cthulhu mythos go for Lovecraft.
3 ||| Well this is a total F for sound. I have 3 dif 3 cd players, home, port, and car, and yes they are good ones, car is a Q45 with a Bose. I bought this CD because of the reviews I read here, what is everyone smoking? or is there not that good of stuff avail from Albert? I don't own any other CD's, but I do know about him from the SRV Sessions VHS I have had for a few years, and it sounds pretty good.This CD sounds like a taper recorded it, from that last row in the back or something. I have both SF CD's, the both sound the same.Can someone email me please and let me know what Albert King CD's. If any, have good clear sound.What I have that is great for Live shows is Cream Reunion DVD and CD, and Roger Watters in the Flesh DVD and CD, great sound.Listened with Sennheiser 595's, the best that I have found, had 555 for a couple years they are nice too, but cant touch 595's, pay the dif and see, er I mean hear.
2 ||| The baby dry diapers are great. My daughter has been using them since she was 3 months old (now 15 months) and has never had any rashs or leaks in them. I will not be ordering these from Amazon anymore. They have changed the discount on the MOM program so that it's not worth it anymore.
2 ||| The viewer is left with a lot of questions, the biggest one being: "So, WHO exactly was responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy?" Oliver Stone offers an extremely complex, incredibly unconvincing argument that the CIA, exiled Cubans, the Mafia and big business were somehow all involved. William of Occam could offer a much more likely theory, but that story wouldn't have been as interesting. Still worth seeing, but don't take it seriously.
1 ||| The book describes the early life of Mengele in Germany and the late life as a fugitive in South America. The part about young Mengele and later sick SS doctor is quite small and this is a serious flaw. The subject of the book should have required a deeper analysis of the early life of Mengele, instead the author spends the main part of the book in describing the hunt for this man and the role of the various secret agencies and hunters.I think the goal of this book should have been to understand why Mengele did what he did ( possibly with comparison with other evil creatures from Hitler gang or other figures ) and not to explain the details of his uninteresting exile.
0 ||| I was disappointed by this DVD. Watching it, I got bored and just went on to other things. Sort of bothered by an apparent glorification of someone who really wasn't a very nice person.
4 ||| I enjoy Marion Chesney's works and highly suggest them to anyone who is just beginning to start reading in this genre. They are all humorous and lively, with just a touch of romance. Back in Society is a fitting end to the sextet The Poor Relation. I found that it was probably ranked third best of this sextet. I preferred Vol.no.3 and Vol.no.1. Volume 6 refines on Lady Fortesque's character and brings out Miss Tonks, who had otherwise been a Nobody in the previous volumes. The humour is definitely provided and the romance is very sweet, as it is in all of her books. However, like most of Marion Chesney's books, this one is missing that certain something. The something that only experienced readers of this genre could find important. I began my reading in the genre with Volume Number 3 of this series, so I must confirm that Marion Chesney is a wonderful author to begin romance with.
0 ||| This adapter is the most frustrating piece of hardware I've ever come across! Beware when using with WinXP....very touchy! Sometimes it works perfectly. Other times it won't connect to the Internet even though it is receiving a perfect signal from the router, which is also Linksys. My Netgear card that I use in my laptop has always worked fine and was cheaper than this lightweight piece of plastic. I would recommend passing on this unless you don't mind spending hours browsing the Linksys website trying to solve your XP compatibility issues. Ack!
0 ||| In this album Helloween tried something new, but without a clear direction the album turned out to be a loser, confusing his hard-core fans and gaining almost none new ones.
1 ||| Just to make sure you are clear of what you are getting here this is a piece of cardboard with a nic epicture on the front of it and little cutouts that open to reveal a picture of a toy or christmas ornament. There is no little gift or candy behind the windows. It seems a bit expensive for what it is. Also I am having trouble with opening the individual windows and not popping a neighboring window open at the same time.Oh well, next year I will buy one from a local store that I know what I am getting but will do it before December as they were all sold out locally.
1 ||| Dawood's translation was, I believe, the first one that I ever read. As I am not a Muslim, I can't judge very well on matters of interpretation, but on a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say:Accuracy - 5. Given a choice, Dawood prefers clarity to accuracy. Please understand that translating everything the Quran says, or even a small part of what it says, is impossible.Poetic Sense - 8. Dawood is really pretty good in letting some of lilt get through.Depth - 3. It's just not there.I'd probably recommend him over Pickthall, even though Pickthall was a Muslim. Pickthall was very aware of the sense behind what he was translating, and he tried to bring more of it through than could be done; he also has a bit too much baggage from the bible with him. My favorite translation is Yusuf Ali, who is interested in being as clear and accurate as possible even at the expense of elegance. If you want elegance too, learn Arabic and read the original.
0 ||| This book is typical of the anti-Mormon rags that have been produced for over 100 years.Deputy U. S. Marshal Orrin Porter Rockwell is depicted as a murderous fanatic and "Destroying Angel" with such hyperbole and unfounded exaggeration that historians laugh and look upon the author with a mixture of disdain and pity.If you want to read a legitimate, well documented and footnoted biography of colorful Western lawman, rancher, and devout Christian, Orrin Porter Rockwell, see Dewey's "Porter Rockwell, A Biography."However, if you are an anti-Mormon bigot, love lurid yellow journalism and don't want historical facts and accounts to get in the way of your prejudices and preconceived notions, then read this book, if you can still find one. Most have been discarded as a waste of print and paper by the academic community.
4 ||| One of the best cd's ever!!!!!serj's voice sometimes annoys me so much (when he screams), but not to worry cuz its still a wicked cd!science is a boring trackif i were yall id take a listen to forest, ATWA, aerials,chop suey, prison song,deer dance, you wont know what its like if u dont listen to the whole cd!if u were a true soad fan u would LOVE this cd, and if u werent then listen to the cd, give it a try, who knows wat could happen after!!!!!ATWA ROCKS!!!!!!!
2 ||| As a visual artist, I know about the frustration when your fans don't want you to change...but.I just couldn't get into the amoral guy pictured here. I prefer an outright crook, with a little humanity. The real world has enough unthinking violence; from G. M. Ford, I expect a little entertainment.
1 ||| I was a bit dissappointed in the DVD version, it was actually not much better than what I had on video, and there are not features to speak of.The movie is a classic. I would put it up with the _Maltese Falcon_, and _The Big Sleep_. In fact of all the Humphrey Bogart style movies that Harrison Ford has tried out, this is the only one he does as well as Mr Bogart might have done with similiar material.The director's cut is infinitely superior to the original movie. Gone are the cheesy voice overs and instead you are left wondering if perhaps Dekkard himself is not what he seems.Had the DVD contained more features I would have instantly given this a five, but the lack of effort in putting the DVD together drops it down a notch.
3 ||| I just got my Emerilware yesterday and have already used it to make pocket sandwiches and waffles. My nine year old daughter loves the BAM written across her waffles. The waffles turned out perfectly - no sticking at all and nice, easy clean up. I had problems with the sandwiches, though. I must have overstuffed them because the cheese overflowed all over and make a real mess. The top does not separate from the bottom so it was very difficult to clean the melted cheese from between the two plates. I figure it's going to take me a few more messy sandwiches before I learn how to stuff them properly. I haven't had a chance to make pizzelles yet, but I'm looking forward to it. [...]
0 ||| I really wanted to love this kindle book. But i dont. The problem isnt the recipes, they are well authored, there is a lot of information about the ingredients, there are several variations of many recioes. The problem is the kindlization of the book. There are two indexes, Subjects and Recipes. Neither contains page numbers or location numbers or hot links. So they are just a list of things you could,at best, consider to be search terms. However, you cannot rely on their finding anything useful. Case in point: the subject index contains the phrase "tips for starters" as in sourdough starters. If you enter this term in your kindle search, you get one result: the listing in the Subject Index. Circular and useless. I own many Kindle cookbooks. This one is poorly crafted and frustrating to use. Stick to paper on this one.
3 ||| I didn't even know about the govWorks.com project before I watched this movie. It truly shows that you can't go into a business and try to get rich...with your friends.The story line is pretty hard to follow at some points, but I liked it.
2 ||| There are a few standards out there, Gone with the wind, Mad Max, Godzilla movies, Titanic, you get the picture. If you don't have THIS picture, you're incomplete. now, where was that Matrix link....
4 ||| 1978's Earth follows the pattern of the band's prior two efforts, but not to the same effect. The album is a middling affair with a glossy, slick studio feel that seems highly manufactured. The album is saved by two tracks. First is the gorgeous "Count On Me" and second is the rocking "Runaway". This seemed the end of the line for the band as both Marty Balin and Grace Slick left the band after this release.
4 ||| I thought this collection was ace! The one set in the museum was the best. It was kind of creepy and sad in parts but has a very interesting story and the end explains a lot. If you have kids, they will like this one too.I did not like so much "M.C. Higgins the Great" which I thought was more for boys. I didn't read this one though so I don't know what it's about except for the first five pages.For all your parents out there my Mom liked "From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankwiler" as well. If you liked reading you will like this even if you are any age at all.I am still reading "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of Nimth",I also recomend "When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit" in another book.
4 ||| This film has alot of action. One will see in this motion picture that Van Damme was young, and very charismatic. He still is. The movie has alot of action. Van damme by accident finds his twin brother, and together they go against the bad guys. I believe it is an Asian Gang of mobsters, but anyway it is good. Their is a very beautiful blonde who comes out in the movie. She is very beautiful and has a hot body, a very hot body. You will see Van damme have a nice love scene with her. This movie is well worth it. The action is great-great fight scenes, van damme's acting is great, and the beautiful blonde is a gorgeous woman that is a stunner.
0 ||| What a let down to find that what was advertised as being on the dvd set was not there. The one show I wanted the most: The Year Without a Santa Claus, although pictured on the cover was not there but replaced with the horrible live version. It is missing many other shows too. I want a refund.
4 ||| I had just finished reading 'The Food of Love' by Anthony Capella since I had nothing to do, but read. Mind you, reading is one of my favorite pastimes.I had recently bought a series of books. The Food of Love was just one of the books I just picked up so I can get that 'three for the price of two' deal at Waterstones in London (British's equivalent of Barnes&Noble;). I wasn't really interested, but it was one of the more interesting options I had. Well, I'm glad I made the right choice! I started reading it last night and I haven't put it down since.If you love food and a little romance, which I am both fond of, it's an excellent book to read. Mr. Capella was remarkably thorough in his description of the rich and textured Italian dishes that the words assails you with a sense of smell and taste that leaves you hungry for more. This book took me by surprise and I'm sure you would not be disappointed.
4 ||| Anyone who is interested in juicing for a better life needs this book. N.W. Walker is a pioneer in juicing and KNOWS what he is talking about. It has many recipes for specific problems. I wouldn't be without it and I've juiced for years.
1 ||| The outer case is fine but the inside foam is not! It is hard to use the center tie down, scope is in the way. Also nothing for the end of the barrel, needed most when putting the rifle in the case.
4 ||| I received this book a couple of years ago as a gift when I first started quilting. It was only recently that I realized how easy this book is to follow. The step by step instructions have helped me so much in creating a number of log cabin quilts and it remains my favorite book for myself and for instructing others.Photos make it so easy to follow the directions and I still refer to it regularly.I highly recommend this book!
1 ||| When I first saw this film on DVD only a few years back, I was blown away. I saw it extremely cheap on Blu-ray on Amazon and figured I'd bite. The problem is, this film is made using 3D and then rendered in black and white, and much of it is starting to look very dated, especially when viewed with more picture clarity. Much of the character models, mouth movement, lighting, shading and everything else is of a lower quality than a quality video game release; and worse, many science-fiction films are starting to walk similar territory in the story department. It's still a cool flick, but in this particular case, Blu-ray may be overkill.
1 ||| Spaghetti westerns have a command thread or too and this one had them all. The main characters efforts were either hurt by the editing or poor writing. I didn't run it off but left the rooms a few times without regret.
4 ||| This CD is awesome. I was a little apprehensive wondering if we would end up with a CD full of "A moment like this" songs or not (not that I'm knocking that song either cause I liked it too). Kelly has an amazing vocal range and an ability to real you into her songs and style. Although the CD does jump around from Pop, to Blues to some R&B sounds, it is very tastefully done and the songs are awesome. I think they could have laid off the instrumental some and let her golden voice shine through more but I've listened to it from beginning to end and was not disappointed.Kelly is a very talented young woman and I'm glad to see her Freshman album be such a success. Shame on the Dallas radio station who said they couldn't stand "Miss Independent" because it wasn't "Kelly's" style... I've noticed that you are playing the song now - hmmm wonder if that has to do with it's success??!!Way to go Kelly! GREAT CD!!!!!
4 ||| I grew up listening to my brother & his buddies literally practicing in the garage. They were good enough to have a "following" parked in our backyard, curbside & behind our home - much to my dad's dismay. Although a long time Elvis fan, I've only recently began collecting Elvis music. This really IS some guy with a recording device sitting next to Elvis & his pals. So if you can - sit back, close your eyes & picture yourself in Elvis' den with a glass of lemonade. All our friends are here & they are just relaxing & singing & most of the time they sound really good. Sometimes, they just want to have fun. Don't we all? And someone thought to turn on the tape machine & now we can recall those fond memories of sitting around & just being. It's like carrying a worn out photo of you & your best friends pulling it out & saying oh yea, remember. . .
0 ||| OK if you read the one-star reviews of this book, you will get the picture. This is one big fat rip-off, and anyone who knows the fantasy genre could have told you that. But if you've never read any fantasy except Harry Potter, you will probably be impressed, seeing as how the 'author' of Eragon took a lot of good ideas from other writers.
0 ||| This was the worst pair of jeans I have ever bought in my life. The specs implied that it would fit on one's waist, however with the crotch being so short it barely reached my hips. I normally wear waist size 31, which I ordered, but with this pair of jeans, the zipper almost could not go up. In addition, I am not a person with large legs, but this pair of jeans hugged me like it was made for a woman who wants to show off her assets. I would have returned my purchase, but where I am living it would cost double what the jeans are worth, so I will just have to accept my losses.
1 ||| I had a class on dystopian fiction in college with one of my favorite professors, so between that and the fact that this is, essentially, a book for young adults, perhaps I am jaded. I mean, I see why so many people like it so much, but after readingBrave New World,Nineteen Eighty-Four,1985and great heaping mounds of sci-fi, I find myself thinking "meh." I had all the big twists figured out by about page 60, and the biggest well before that.So, bottom line: if you're just getting started in the genre, this is a great place for it. If you've been in for a while, I think you can skip it, unless you have an obsession for thoroughness or just want to be able to participate in conversations about this book knowledgeably.
3 ||| This title manages to give you a taste of the local culture while at the same time breaking gender barriers.This is not they typical in your face who done it. The main character, who is a mystery herself, reveals her story in mini escapades. As each case is brought to fore there is plenty of time to contemplate how it should be solved, and to envision the family dynamics or circumstances of the clients.In a word this book is *** Quaint *** and gives you more then meets the eye.
4 ||| This book was my Christmas present to me. I loved all the pictures and the commentary. Ansel Adams was a genious, he saw the world with the eye of his camera and the vision of a real artist. I will display this book on the ottoman in my livingroom and know my family will enjoy it as much as I already have.
1 ||| The magnet in this stud finder is so small and weak that even when I put it on top of a drywall nail that I can faintly see, it barely detects it.
0 ||| I ordered this product from BigKitchen on the 9th, and i recieved an email today telling me that they had a "data integrity issue" and were unable to give me the item at the price i agreed to pay for it. With is total bull! Nothing against the product, just trying to let people know to stay away from BigKitchen
4 ||| Tolkien sets the standard with this excellent book. The story of middle earth begins here, and will promise to keep you entertained through the next series.
0 ||| The fasteners on this thing are awful. I was driving down the highway and after going over a bridge the bike flew off my car because the fasteners stripped and came undone.Spend more money on a nicer bike rack. Now I have to get a new bike and rack instead of paying maybe 50 bucks more and still having a bike.
2 ||| This is an unique opener in that it is one handed and battery operated, but I find it hard to hold it and start the opening process. I am a mechanic and still find it hard. Once started it does a good job of opening the can. I also found that it doesn't shut off automatically once the can is open, but I've never seen that in any opener. Just have to stop the action by releasing the switch.
3 ||| I am looking for a song that goes like, Shake me I rattle, squeeze me I cry, please take me home and love me.It was sung by either Patti Page or Doris Day, back in the 1950's?
2 ||| Two copies had the wrong movie burned on the DVD. Both the box and the label were for the correct movie. Amazon handled replacement and refund easily.
3 ||| This in response to a negative previous review of this book. Valerie Hunt may not be the most scientific of writers but do not dismiss her work because of that. The "mathematical chaos formula" picture you are criticizing as "Lissajous" patterns are not Lissajous. This image was derived using a mathematical algorithm designed specificaly to visualize/search for chaotic patterns in measured data. When this algorithm is applied to random noise, no pattern is produced. When a data set is chaotic, patterns start to appear. This algorithm is well described in many chaos theory books and it is used in physics and engineering. Valerie Hunt is not a mathematician but she does consult mathematicians who know what tools to use to analyze such data. But I do agree the book does not show enough details of her experimental results. I happen to know more of the details thru other sources and I happen to use the same mathematical tools in my work.
4 ||| This is the Doctor, and indeed Tom Baker, at his very best. This one was always one of my favorites and still is. Even after repeated viewings it still holds up. The story is well written and the characters are realistic. High marks also go to Louise Jameson's portrayal of Leela. She is in rare form here. Her child-like innocence is well played opposite her willingness for battle. The Horror of Fang Rock never lets you down. It's a fantastic story from start to finish. This episode, like the Doctor, stands the test of time.
0 ||| True, it may have everything in the world about bread, butI found this book tedious and not at all what I was lookingfor. I wanted simple bread recipies and this "ain't it".
3 ||| I always like Kitaro's earlier works the best, up to about the mid 80's or so. This is a nice, mellow,melodic, flowing album that was very much the style of Kitaro at the time. This is probably his third best studio album after Ki and Tunhaung. There are several versions of this album, but if you can find the original analog recording, you will be richly rewarded. The newest remixed/remastered version is a bit edgey and slightly bright, which does not help this otherwise relaxing album.
0 ||| The Kindle version is full of incorrect words, transposed words, mispellings. It's poorly formatted. During much of the reading I found myself having to guess which word was intended. Get the Random House digital version for $1.99 instead.
0 ||| not very very very very very very very very very very very good. I was very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very disappointed with the quality of this book.
0 ||| Just like GOD FIXATION, this album came and passed. It was on Bilboard Christian Charts for like one week, and now its gone, and so is Petra. Bye, Petra. I guess we should all listen to their old stuff, because that's all that is left of them. THIS ALBUM SERIOUSLY SUCKS!
2 ||| A fascinating and energetic look at that same vacuous crowd that Ellis writes about in his other novels. In truth, there really is nothing new here: bored rich kids who use each other, screw anybody who offers, use drugs and party. But, it is like watching a wild car crash - you can't help but be enthralled. There is some fun camera work (some that becomes annoying as well), prety good performances and a nifty soundtrack. If you're in the mood for watching some attractive self-destructive folks party and play - this might hit you right. If you are not in that mood - watch out! There is no redemption here, just the dark comedy of the self-induced drama and tradgedy that only characters of this age can believe is reality. Features a very funny cameo scene with Swoosie Kurtz and Faye Dunaway doing their best AB Fab inpersonations.
0 ||| I was pleased to get the protector as I wanted a surge protector in my system. It was very easy to install. However when I turned it on I noticed that the monitoring lights for the individual switches did not work. In the booklet it suggested that you call Tripp Lite to get support. I called and told them of my problem and I was told that I would get a replacement unit within five days. After waiting a week, I called back Tripp Lite and asked what happened to my replacement unit. I was told that the unit was not shipped until a day or two before. They did not know why this happened. I got the impression that they really didn't care why. Because of this, I would not recommend Tripp Lite to anyone. I guess as an after thought, I should have called Amazon and they would have taken care of this in a timely fashion.
1 ||| The Bear and the Dragon is not worth reading. I found this out when I was about half way through the book but wanted to trudge on till the very end. Sure it has some good points, but is not nearly as good as all the others that I have read. I was disappointed, and agree with all the other negative reviews put forth here. I don't even know why I finished it, but I did, all 1028 pages worth.
4 ||| I have the single chime. I got it for a group I am facilitating to signal the end of breakout sessions etc. I discovered a secondary use however; if you ring it at the back door, the dogs stop everything and run in. They usually came to me because I can whistle, but my husband was having trouble getting heard. This is a very sharp tone. Even if the girls are having a heated discussion over the fence with the dogs next door, they can hear this chime. And it's much easier on the neighbors late at night. Highly recommended.
4 ||| Having used a Terk TV antenna in a motor home, for about 12 years, I was very familiar with the product. When I needed an antenna, to replace the "rabbit ears" for the TV, in the kitchen, I saw the possibility of upgrading to a product that would be receptive to the "all digital" broadcasts, when they are introduced. Despite the "ground floor" location, I have not been disappointed in this product and look forward to many years of its use.
1 ||| No doubt about it, this is the weakest/worst of the Byrds' regular albums and was a huge disappointment to me when it was released. Obviously, there are some pretty good tracks here--Kathleen's Song (although swamped in strings), Pale Blue, Glory Glory--but there are also some absolute stinkers--Tunnel of Love, I Wanna Grow Up to be a Politician. What saved this album for me was Jamaica Say You Will, with a very evocative performance of a great song. This was my introduction to Jackson Browne (who wrote the song), which caused me to buy his first album when it finally came out. Regardless of the merits of the rest of the album, this alone justifies the existence of Byrdmaniax for me.
2 ||| Nice transliteration but it is quite outdated (you can't find 'credit card') as it was prepared according to a dictionary which was prepared during WWII.
4 ||| My grandson loves to fill this with everything he can find. It is light weight and great for the toddler age.
2 ||| "Rollerball" in theatres was an awesome, bone-crunching, action-packed movie! But once it got on video & DVD...they added in nudity & took out scenes. It was terrible. The camera work was even altered when it came on video. I wouldn't have mind if they at least put the theatrical version on video too... bet they didn't! WHAT HAPPENED WHEN THEY TRANFERED THE FILM?
4 ||| Great sequelI saw this movie in the theater and I really enjoyed it! It is in my opinion way better that the first Saw. It keeps you guessing the whole movie and just when you think you have it figured out, another twist develops and you're wrong again. I really loved it and look forward to adding the DVD to my collection.Don't get me wrong the first saw is ok but its rare that a sequel is better than the first...I just wanna say you have 2 types of people on amazon, the type who really likes something and the type who hates on everyone for liking it, not because they think its bad but because they don't want to jump on the wagon like everyone else and admit its a good movie...
4 ||| The product has been arrived on time and was good. The price what I was expected, competitive with other providers. I would love to continue with amazon for my baby diaper needs and toys as well.
3 ||| Halloween III is not a solid horror film. Definitely not a sequel in respects of a follow-up to the Myers storyline. But still the classical John Carpenter feel is here and many moments of typical horror fare are administered to livin' things up a bit. Not to mention a wonderful score!
3 ||| It is a good book, but I was expecting something more complete and "in detail".
4 ||| I love Magical Mystery Tourbut I don't really consider it an album just because of the fact that it has a bunch of their singles on it ... That being said,this is a great collection of later Beatles....I'd buy it even if you allready have Penny Lane, I am The Walrus, Strawberry Fields, and All You Need Is Love because the other tracks (i.e. Blue Jay Way, Your Mother Should Know...etc...) are way more than filler
0 ||| I've got one word for you: BORING! Just the thought of reading several sequels to this snooze-fest is enough to make me drowsy.
0 ||| The shoes have a really cool look to them. I was looking for something like this to match my gothic lolita outfits. However they broke immediately after I bought them and walked down the stairs. The strap came off, like it was just attached with glue. That was a huge disappointment. Another thing is that they have no traction so I was sliding all over the place.If you're buying cheap shoes, expect cheap results...
4 ||| Great episode that my 18 month old son loves. He usually watches one or two Mickeys a day before I turn the TV off on him, and he gets a kick out of this episode in particular. When I give him a choice of DVDs he almost always picks this one. Must be something about Mickey...
1 ||| This movie just didn't move me like it did others.I thought it was boring and to long.It took me 2 sittings to finish it.I had high hopes for this movie hearing all the good reviews and I really wanted to see it because Jackie Chan's son was in it but unlike his father he has no screen presence.I think that it wasn't for Jaycee being Jackie's son I don't think this movie would have gotten such rave reviews.If I could I would have gave it 2 and a half stars.Overall I thought this movie was overrated but you might like it since it seems I am in the minority.
1 ||| This book is more like a horoscope in that it gives you a list of items and events that occur in dreams, and tells you what your future may hold based upon their appearance in your dream. It doesn't explain what they might mean in a more concrete sense; what does it mean that you are dreaming these things, what issues do you need to address? What is weighing on your mind? Instead, it is much like going to a palm reader.
4 ||| Cant say anything bad about album-every song I wanted was on it. Good deal! I am happy with my purchase.
4 ||| Great disc originally and now even better. Sounds excellent at home on my SACD player, pretty good in the car. A bit bassey in the car but other than that a fine trade up from the original CD recording that was put out some 20 years ago. I have them both and play them side by side and can really hear the SACD difference. Well worth replacing the original and upgrading to SACD players!
4 ||| Anoop Chandola stages the intersection of ancient Indian mythology and contemporary reality. From the vantage point of a migrant living in the United States, Chandola provides us a glimpse into the ongoing reinvention of tradition in unlikely circumstances, gracefully balancing contradictions even when they can't be solved. The past never disappears, but only a few can allow us to discern its evolving significance in the chaos of the present. Chandola's characters are routinely charming and endearing, insisting upon the possibilities of community, integrity and dignity over either blind ritual or capitulation to indivdualism. Here is a rare writer who gives us the benefit of wisdom born of careful, benign observation in multiple cultural locations, successfully addressing multiple audiences.Vik Bahl, Ph.D.
4 ||| I heard of Willie Sutton. The name was mentioned here and there as I grew up, but only spoken in hushed, almost reverent tones. Upon reaching adulthood I found out why. Willie Sutton was a bank robber, like my father. It is alleged he taught my father everything he knew about how to rob a bank. Of course, in adulthood my interest was piqued, so I got the book, more because of research than anything else. Well, I didn't find out anything about my father but ended up finding an extremely interesting, easy-to-read book about a very intelligent man who used his talents in the wrong way. Unfortunately for him, his life didn't amount to much; however you have to admire the fact that in the end he finally came to that realization and wrote the book to try to sway the next generation of potential hoodlums in the way of the straight and narrow. A smart man.. who finally put his intellect to good use. I would definitely put this book on my "things to read" list.
4 ||| This is the beginning of an incredible series--and Ms. Duane says the fourth and final book is FINALLY coming out this year! I love Ms. Duane in all her shadings, but I believe this quartet is among her finest work. Every page is edged with light. Her characters are so real that I wish they lived down my block--so I could go talk to them and learn more about them. I can't wait for the fourth book. At last, at last!
3 ||| Very good,but little too long.kept you interested. Book was easy reading but had a lot of characters to keep track of
0 ||| The description has adjustable width and "depth" (which in English means top-to-bottom"). 16" deep would be a waste basket not a drawer organizer. How about length, width, and depth (height)?
3 ||| Just took this to Italy. It was just great for driving. Option for selecting "truck" versus a car keeps you off the smallest streets, a plus if you are not used and do not care to drive the small windy roads in the mountains or within cities. You can also insert a waypoint to avoid or bypass certain areas. Very up to date. Only a few new intersections or rods were not mapped. In the "pedestrian" mode, you can use it to wander a city, after marking your parking place. One problem is the slight ambiguity of which way to start, when walking. A north arrow would be good. Also, the battery will run out if used continually for a few hours of walking, so be careful. Be sure to have the 12 volt charger for the car. Other than those two issues, it was absolutly great.The Fedor Europe addition was pretty good, but not must. Overall, I would not go without it. I also use it extensively in the US, as I travel often.
4 ||| many interesting facts, people and history. Writing is a bit choppy, but definitely a perfect book that will stimulate curiosity in the world around us.
4 ||| Damn good movie with a great cast. Christina Bale IS Batman and Gary Oldman (I am a HUGE fan) breathes life into the Commissioner Gordon character. I can not wait for the sequel!
0 ||| This is not a book, just a string of characters. There is no table of contents, no breaks for chapters or chapter titles. You can get a download with all the above elsewhere on the internet. Amazon it is not right to call this a book.
0 ||| I was really looking forward to this one. As a fan of the Classic Album Series, I was very disappointed when I watched this one. The volume level is very inconsistent, especially during the sections where people are talking over the music. You have to turn it way up when they're talking, then be quick with the remote when the music starts or it will blow your speakers! For die-hard fans only, and keep the volume remote handy. You'll need it!
4 ||| There is no way that Amazon's reviewer can compare Clay to talentless boybands that rely on catchy background music and over-exaggerated dance moves to move CDS. Clay has real talent, something that boybands sorely lack. Even Ruben Studdard, the American Idol champion cannot come close to Clay in terms of voice quality and pure singing talent. IMO, Clay deserves his success, this is a fabulous CD by a very talented singer. And his performance at the American Music Awards was simply stunning, why else would some members of the audience give a standing ovation? Remember that the audience was made up of singers and entertainment industry people, and i'm pretty sure they weren't applauding Ruben's performance, good as it may have been, Clay was just simply spectacular. A great singer and a great CD, they don't make singers like this anymore.
3 ||| This is my first troma film i own... and yes i wacthed Toxic Avenger IV - Citizen Toxie and i love it... i like how toxie was super violent & funny but Class of Nuke 'Em High was not thit vioent & funny the effects are pretty cool it needed more of it here and there.The story was kinda good but nothing to brag about.It would have been better if half the people in the school was Infected by the toxic backteria instead of just 6 or 7 people.This is probley one of the best troma films out there.
4 ||| this book was great.Like all of christine feehan's books,it holds your interest at every turn until the bitter end. you did not know who the perpetrator was until the bitter end.it held you on the edge of your seat to see if nicoletta was going to be seriously hurt or killed as were the scarletti brides.
4 ||| This title was declared a 2003 Notable Book by the Association of Jewish Libraries! Almost 200 children's books of Judaic content were reviewed during the year to find the best of the bunch. Find out more at www.jewishlibraries.org.
4 ||| Let me preface this by saying you have to be a fan of Killswitch in order to get into this CD. I wouldn't START here, I would get "The End Of HEartache" first. Having said that... If you are a fan of KSE You will LOVE this CD. In fact you should ALREADY HAVE IT!
4 ||| The dvd works great like i was told it would and i recieved it in good time. My daughter loves it and has prob watch it 20 times already.
4 ||| I have watched this movie three times and i still find it to be one of the best movies I have seen in a long time! Love it!
4 ||| The camera body is very good. The lense looks properly aligned as well. However, I noticed anistropic chromatic aberrations prominent esp at the edges. Thus unless your subject is right in middle of your view, you might see aberrations on sharp edges. However the product is very good and for a amateur its recommended.
0 ||| Hi! I collect cookbooks and never give bad reviews but this book was awful! There wasn't one cute food idea that I would make for my child. I was hoping for cute snacks I could make for pre-school & this book was a waste of money. I got better ideas just off of the internet.
1 ||| The ONLY reason I am giving this book a MARGINAL 2 stars is because it is entertaining in how bad it is. The plot is contrived, the characters are one sided and annoying and the writing is wretched. And no... it's not even funny. I didn't even crack a grin.But probably the biggest annoyance with the book is how annoying the characters itself are. Lucy tries so desperately to assert her "independence" it's irritating... and the bad boy sexy mytery cop? The whole mid-life crisis thing made him not so mysterious... and defiantly not sexy...Honestly there were times when I had to stop reading in the middle of a chapter and just walk away because it just raditated with... stupidity.If you want to read about a smart, funny airhead, with not one but TWO sexy men than please check out Janet Evanovich Stephanie Plum series.Trust me, you're wasting your time by reading the title.
4 ||| I was expecting something different too but I don't think the book ever proclaimed to be a how to book. The title does say confessions. There is a lot of family history in this book. I enjoyed the stories especially since I received this as a mother's day gift for my first mother's day. I learned that I don't have to drag a ton of toys around with us when we travel with the baby and I think the most important think I learned from this book was how to "make do" as a mother. If you like storytelling you'll enjoy this book. Maybe it could be inspiration for other writers to put down their stories of what they learned from their mothers and family history.
3 ||| This product was really easy to set up. It is sturdy and serves it purpose for ensuring my son doesn't fall out of bed. He even holds onto it and tries to climb on it - so far it has held up. The only downside is that it was larger than I was expecting. Right now I am using it on a crib frame turned into a daybed. The railing covers most of the side of the bed allowing very little space for my son to climb in and out. It is my fault for not measuring the bed before ordering but I wanted to give this caution to anyone who was thinking about doing the same.
1 ||| For some reason I found this book kind of boring. I understand her life was boring, and that all she had to look forward to was a sneaky romance. The reality of this to ever happen in the future is unrealistic. It's a story to be easily forgotten.
1 ||| Hmmmm, as a veteran of Tomb raider and an someone who plays most of the 1st person shooters that appear I was quite disappointed in the game controls. The story is great, the graphics are much better then previous Tomb Raider releases but the controls ruined the game for me. One would think with all the 1st person shooters with very precise and smooth controls Tomb Raider would have them too, not so. It is very frustrating to try and play a very well done story only to continually die for lack of the ability to accurately control Lara's movement. I hope Edios learns from this experience.
3 ||| my book came today, and it looked perfect EXCEPT the top right corner had signs of wear and possible usage. Along the whole top on the back half, it's black and some of the pages are worn down like maybe it touched a sander for a second. Overall great book great shipping, just slight damage!
4 ||| I really enjoyed the book. Itwas well written and kept my attention and curosity all the way through. I would certainly read more books from this author.
1 ||| I prefer books with a strong plot. This didn't really seem to have a strong plot and the pieced never really seems to come together as strongly as I had hoped. It may just be the style of this author... and if you like that type of style this would be a book for you.
4 ||| I purchased this product because I was going camping and spending time at the beach. Knowing that things live in the woods and sand that are very fungal and like human skin I figured I would be on the proactive side of the attack this time. It has been wonderful. I knew it had tee tree oil in it but was pleasantly surprised with the Coconut, Olive and Peppermint oils. This product attacked a fungus I did not even know I had but can guess I got it from the local pool too. I now use it after every time I am in public spaces, especially the watery kind.
4 ||| I love this game! I bought one 15 or so years ago when my son was young, good first game as it helps teach turn taking. Little kids love it when the crocodile "bites" you! Even timid kids get into the game after an adult gets bitten a few times. Bonus that it's portable, no loose pieces, I purchased this one for my niece's three sons (under the age of 5) and have given it as a gift over and over, really fun game.
1 ||| And I like Tom Clancy, BUT. Too long, too repetitious,too little editing, too many lectures, ...and yet you hang in to read about the new weapons and details of war. Jack Ryan is only in an action scene because he does something irresponsible. Who is left to be the enemy? The next one will be fascinating or forgetable. We'll see.
4 ||| Excellent book, that deals with the the question of what it is to be a Christian (how to come to Jesus) and how does one life the Christian life.If you've ever had doubts on what the Christian experience looks like, this book will greatly help. The the titles says "Steps to Christ", we often here you need to come to Jesus, but what does that mean and how does that look... This book deals with that.One of the things that I've found is that many people miss out on the power that God's grace give us to live out the Gospel. The power of the gospel empowers us to live victoriously.You will not find just ideas, but scripture is quoted throughout the entire book. It's not long or complicated. This is not about the latest fad in Christianity or the next superstar Christian teachers ideas, but it always points back to Scripture as the guide rather than the backup for idea. No her Scripture is the foundation and the ideas arise out of scripture and are subject to it.
0 ||| This band is terrible... this cd is even more terrible. It's amusing how marketable emo garbage just seems to keep coming and coming and people just eat it up for some odd reason. The only song I had any enjoyment listening to was "Ride the Wings of Pestilence" (hey, it's "catchy"). But other than that this band and album is a complete waste of time.The singing is god-awful and the guitar riffs are boring and typical. Every song is repetetive and sleep inducing. If you wanna hear real emotional (NO, not emo) hardcore check out Misery Signals. They have more talent in their fingernails then this band does in their entire bodies.
1 ||| While many people seem to have fond memories of this 1985 film (based on the high ratings), I am baffled as to why.Watching for the first time this year (2008), Quiet Earth comes off as campy, over-dramatic, and just flat out cheesy. The special effects seem like something out of a 60's movie, the actors do things relational-wise that are on a whim, without showing motivation. And the ending is muddled and doesn't explain the last 90 minutes. As the credits role, we are presented with an image that leaves us completely baffled as to what happened. Is the actor in Heaven, or an alternate reality?Who knows? ...but better yet, who cares.Frankly, the best part of the movie was Alison Routledge revealing her perfect backside in scene 10. Other than this, not much to remember.If you like love triangles, 80's hair, long, tusk earrings, and naked balding men, this movie is for you!
2 ||| Someone said this worked with Windows 7 so I bought it. I should have researched whether this worked for a 64 bit computer. It does not fit in the slot in the computer; however, I had a 32 bit computer and it installed it on that one. Works fine there.
2 ||| I happen to like ghost ship movies, too. I saw this and decided to get it. Others here have described the plot, so I won't go into that. I found though that the plot was rather wobbly at best. Unlike "Ghost Ship", where we know the souls are trapped onboard and that there's an evil force that wants to add the heroes to the deceased passenger list, here we have no idea what exactly is taking shots at our intrepid adventurers. In "Ghost Ship", those who were taken in by the allure of illicit gold lost their souls. Here there's no criteria. There are times it seems like it's ready to take off, only to sink (pun intended) back into a mediocre plot. I didn't mind the ending, although it's just as unbalanced as the rest of the story.
3 ||| This book confirms Clancy's status as one of the best writers of political-techno fiction around. Yes, it was long, very long, but I thought that the highly-involving story and interesting characters made up for the somewhat slow pace of the novel (that has been complained about below ad nauseum). I disliked the writer's strong moral bias towards America and against the Chinese, and the way that everything runs perfectly for the Americans ("the underdogs") while the Chinese stumble at every opportunity. Nevertheless, I enjoyed the relationships between the characters as well as the unusual scenario that is presented by Clancy as having the potential to cause a nuclear war.
4 ||| They are just great!! Everyone who has seen them marvel at the ingenuity and creativity that went into the making of these items. We saw a sample of it on TV and I immediately checked with Amazon regarding availability of purchase.Never disappointed with any items purchased through Amazon, and feel very safe in ordering due to their guarantees.
3 ||| My wife wanted to see this so I rented it and was prepared for a dismal show. I was surprised to see a suspensful little flick that was well made, well acted and very different in terms of execution of the heist than anythign I had seen before. The motiviations of the characters are clear and unclear but all is wrapped up in the end. I could have done without the "bad diamond company mistreats south africa" crap that was a back drop to this as well as the "women were treated poorly in corporate america" drivel but that was basically background and didn't make the movie an indoctrination film for hippies. Good film.
0 ||| This review is not about the movie in general. There are enough of those here already. However the DVD was very dissapointing. Purportedly the sound was upgraded to Dolby 5.1 Surround. The sound instead is washed out and the volume difficult to maintain at one level. Often volume needs to be increased to hear the actors and then reduced again as the background music swells. Almost as bad is the video. It's as if they produced the DVD off an old, beat up print. Small flashes of white and black spots continually appear throughout the movie.I bought the DVD at a reputable retailer, but it plays like a bootleg.
0 ||| I first wanted to see this movie when I saw the ad for it during the Super Bowl. We had been studying Egypt in my history class, so I had wanted to go see how accurate it was to real life. The day it came out, my dad's friend saw it and said it was very lame. My dad told me that I should wait until it comes out on video to see it. A few months later, I picked up a copy at Blockbuster and watched it that night. I was hoping to see a non-stop, well-acted thrill ride, but instead, I saw a bad Indiana Jones rip-off. The plotline was very cheesy, the acting was terrible, and the movie is very confusing at times. The reason I gave this movie 3 stars is for the special effects. I had a good time at parts of the movie, but the best parts were shown on the trailer. Don't waste your money on this one.Here's a list of similar (and better) movies:1.Raiders of the Lost Ark2.Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom3.Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade4.Stargate
4 ||| So many people will believe anything they read if it agrees with their beliefs. This book contains errors and distortions. Unfortunately, the reviewers just add to the confusion. For example:"...government workers faked lynx presence..." Sorry, it didn't happen. Read the follow-ups, not just the first headline. Visit the Audubon Magazine website for a comprehensive article on the incident.The marine harvest data is flawed. China has been lying about their catches for years. Even the not very left-leaning U.S. News reported that yields have been dropping dramatically. "Marine sleuths find that faulty numbers from Beijing have masked a worldwide drop in catches".This book is recommended for the person who wants to refute arguments about environmental problems and doesn't care about accuracy and facts.
1 ||| I am an avid Stephan King fan and have read almost everything written by him and I thought this book was horrible. The initial story About the five friends is interesting but the description of the aliens being born out of people's butts is disgusting. I was so grossed out by the persistant description of flatulence accompanying the births too. This was also the most profane of his books with the F word on at least every page and the S word almost as much. It has too many unnecessary characters that are described in detail and then killed off 5 pages later. It was gory, gross, laden with profanity and mental plot lines that didn't make sense. Of course I did finish it being such a fan of his but I would not recommend anybody to waste their time reading this 600+ page book.
0 ||| This product was awful. It was so loud my pregnant neighbor thought the boiler in our building was going to blow up. It almost scared her into labor! I couldn't use it!
3 ||| I bought this book to solve the seemingly impossible, how to survive the hard spots and find secret escapes or avoid things altogther. The book is good, but it has none of that in it. Instead it tells you what you already know, run here, jump there. There are no cheat codes, or insight into how to make the bad guys go away. The book just offers what I had already figured out, doing the things required is another matter entirely. If you have the reflexes of a lab rat on huge quantities of caffeine you can do as the game requires, and the book reiterates. Otherwise it won't shed any light on more than some hidden levels, but those could've been found eventually without the book. Nice book, well laid out, but not very useful ultimately.
0 ||| I normally like Oxo products, but these fell apart almost immediately and I couldn't figure out how to put them back together. Complete waste of money.
3 ||| This is a great movie, maybe the best ever made. The blu-ray makes the film gorgeous to watch. And the extra DVD material is pretty cool. The packaging is over the top, and the passport case is dumb, frankly, which makes this more expensive than it needed to be. It is also why I rated this as only 4 stars. Just give me the film. Leave the extra junk out.
2 ||| The actual text of this book is decent but constantly refers the reader to diagrams that actually confuse more than help. It's a good start but not enough.
0 ||| I received this product in the mail yesterday, Put in the batteries and the rotating beads do not work. Complete waste of money.
3 ||| I thought it would be more trad fiddle. But, it's a fun CD to listen to!
3 ||| Dickensian prose is dated, and at this point I personally enjoy the movie versions more than the book. It was still an enjoyable read, however.
3 ||| Very sturdy case. I have a little difficulty opening the case without moving the palm pilot upwards. Also not easy to open latch. But the sleek design fits well inside pocket or purse. Opening at bottom is perfect access for charging the device.
3 ||| I didn't care for this movie the first time I watched it. It is pretty far from believable. But the 2nd time I watched it and I knew what to expect I enjoyed it a lot more. No, humans don't shoot lightning colored chi out of their hands. And people can't live being strapped to a large boulder. But it is still a good kung fu flick.This one is SUB-TITLED and sometimes hard to read. White letters on a white background. I would like to find another version of this movie that has been dubbed in English for my collection.
1 ||| How to best mix Miracle Green/Red? A blender?When I use a whisk or a spoon ( the instructionssay : mix) it is lumpy, the powder does not dissolve.What am I doing wrong? I wish the manufacturer hadgiven more detailed instructions.
3 ||| I am really 16, I just don't have a login name so this would be easier to say. I love the narnia videos, this is probably my favorite of them all. I have tried to look all over to see if there were any future plans to comlpete the videos and I foudn one thing. Jim Henson had started to make a remake of the lion, the witch, and the wardrboe, but sadly after his death it was shut down.
4 ||| My husband and I went looking for a good baby float and came across this one, we immediately chose it because we both love our adult spring floats. Yes it is true they can put their face in the water but as long as you are there its not a big deal, I mean how else are they going to learn how to hold their breath? I love it and will definitly be using it next year for my son who is 9 months right now!
1 ||| Jonas has just been chosen to be reciever of memory, a job for few. He has a dad a mom and a sister named Lily.he lives in a perfect community, well almost. The community is ran by the elders. Everyone must do there part in the community. if a child does not grow properly it will be realesed.This was not the best book i've read. first of all i dont like sci-fi books. Im more of a civil war novel type. the book mooved realy slow, there was no part in the book to real dive in.
1 ||| The aim of any fiction writer is to get the reader to suspend belief. My ability to do this was greatly impaired by Cussler's writing. His characters are hardly even one-dimesional, his grammar is no better than a schoolchild, and his dialog is, frankly, dreadful.In the book's favor, the storyline is strong and well thought out. That didn't, however, outweigh the many, many faults.
3 ||| Better then the first one and has some distrubing and scary moments but it still dosnet mean it's a great movie. I would sat I liked it but it dosent come close to being the best horro film or a classic. The acting is not the greatest but it's better then the first one. There is more of a story in thsi one and there are not pointless charactors and it dosnet drag like the first one. Overall it's worth watching to see a gory disturbing and scary film.
2 ||| These guys have the corner on strange listen to me if you are curious music that most of the time makes you wonder if it makes sense, or if you are really entertained. I bought it for the theme song from Veronica Mars, We Used to be Friends, which is a great tune. I find it hard to find anthing else that matches up to it. I have muddled through it, but wish I would have found it elsewhere
4 ||| I loved Tinker and the Ukiah series which is why it pains me that I disliked this.I have a hard time reading role reversal stories such as this because no one does them well. There have been societies that were matriarchal and practiced polygamy. Please study them before building your own world with these characteristics. The physiological and psychological differences between men and women do exist, even if they tend to be exaggerated in our media, and they helped created and shape the societies that exist today. This is just something I can not suspend my disbelief with.
4 ||| It's still a great story, which I hadn't read in years, and the extra add ons in the Anniversary edition make it that much more enjoyable
4 ||| I like the new love interest in this movie a lot. Also this is a great extension of the last two movies. i can't wait for a 4th to come out.
4 ||| Rock n' Roll is a nice collection of New York Dolls music.Not only are the tracks remastered but they've included a few unreleased ones as well (Courageous Cat Theme, Lone Star Queen). A cool booklet with a lot of information isincluded with the CD. It's a shame this disc wasn't that wellpublicized when it firsy came out. The disc sold poorly and their only two studio albums have never been digitally remastered. The only thing missing from this collection is the New York Dolls anthem PILLS!Strongly recommended.
1 ||| Hi there,I have yet to receive the Rent DVD that I paid for. The last shipping date was noted April 21st, please advise.I have ordered from Amazon.com before but this is the first time I have not received what I purchased and I don't know how to go about dealing with this. Thank you.
4 ||| this is great little battery charger. It is TINY and travels pretty much anywhere in the world due to it's ability to function at different electrical outputs. All you need is a plug adapter.
4 ||| This show is one of my favorites since it came out. It has the perfect formula to be a good one, but it's getting old the same thing all the time.Season four shows us a more mature cast, like Serena stopping dating random guys, Blair finally leaving Chuck (for good), and Dan finally finding his own way without Serena, Vanessa being a little more independent, and Jenny just messing up with Blair (but she only appeared like in 4 episodes in the whole season). But what about Nate? He didn't had strong plots... he was just there filling some minutes of the 42 minute episodes. I hope that season five gives Chace the opportunity to show a good work as Nate, as he was in season one.Anyway, the show keeps being good but I hope it shows something new at the beginning of the new season, because it has the qualities to be a show to remember.
0 ||| I was almost ready to seriously consider Margulis' and Sagan's revolutionary theory until I read Sagan's update, in which he writes "Because chromosome arrangements differ slightly in closely related mammal species (e.g., dogs and wolves) that no longer breed with each other ..."Everybody knows that wolves and domestic dogs CAN breed. You can buy wolf/dog hybrids from breeders such as http://www.dogpage.us/wolfdogs.htm.If one of the authors is this removed from common sense, I wonder about the rest of the theory. And I wonder if his mother knows what he's up to.
4 ||| Leonard Ravenhill is a spiritual giant. His works will challenge you and encourage you in your walk with Christ. This work will lite a fire within your spirit!You will not be able to walk away from this work uninspired.
0 ||| I tried to finish this book. I really did. But, as a lover of books, I decided that this story was not for me. The author is obviously an amateur, and would do very well in a high school English class. However, his home-school background shows through the flaking veneer of this unrelatable book. His sentence structure is amazingly halted, unable to flow like a quality piece of literature. Making my attempt to read this book all the less enjoyable is the author's precocious vocabulary, needless proper names and jargon, and endless simile and metaphor that fills the pages. This book is less than the quality literature that I would expect from Knoph Publishers and is merely a lengthy oddity, not an odyssey, written by a young but hardly gifted author.Robert Goodhue Woodruff
3 ||| This book was advertised as used. I don't know what they used it for but it had never been opened. I'm finding it to be very useful as a guide on how to fully use a table saw. The drawing are excellent and the jigs that I've made so far actually work.
0 ||| This movie was completely boring all the way through until the big fight scene(which is the only reason this gets two stars).
0 ||| This is the most difficult book to follow that I have ever read. it appears to be written and translated from some other language other than english. A complete waste of money.
0 ||| it couldn't ne so awful... yet it was good!!!i'm confused about whether i liked it or not!!but i'm already sick this movies!!!there are no twists! there's no suspense, no chills, nothing at all!!got busted!!
1 ||| While it does correctly teach saturday is G-d's sabbath, this book takes a scriptural truth to deceive people and uses it to promote satanic doctrines. I received this book as a "free bonus" when I ordered another book at a different site --- I immediately saw it was written by demons and I ripped it up and threw it away (amazingly it came with a book that was 100% scriptural which I ordered several more of from amazon)This is an example of a book that was written by demons and masquerades as Christian.
2 ||| Well for th price its a good buy but when it comes to sturdiness the black one has alot to be desired exspecialy after breaking after only 2 days of use, how ever the natural one is pretty sturdy so i'd sugest buying at your own risk.
0 ||| This books title is misleading. It has very little conversation and even less business conversation. It is a good reference book. It could also be a supplement book for a class but when working overseas it could only prove to be useful asa supplement for the teacher.
2 ||| ...we join this X-Files in progress, and finish because there is nothing else on...Yes, I was another who purchased this book after reading the cover, where there is no mention of it being a sequel. It took reading up to the 176th page until I felt the actual story of the book started, and the summary of the last book was over. Goddard's writing style is also a little annoying, the book reads like a history text of events that are taking place in the present.I gave the book two stars because it had at least enough in it to enable me to finish the thing.
3 ||| CoCo Lee's English debut offers catchy songs, decent vocals, and even a nice looking person on the cover. However, that's about as far as it goes. There's nothing here to distinguish CoCo from other pop acts. I had the oppurtunity to sit next to Ms. Lee at a performace here in San Francisco, and she told me herself that she's very proud of her new album Exposed, but just a little embarissed about this one. I wouldn't be embarissed...I just wouldn't be too proud. If you're a diehard CoCo fan, then def. pick this up, but if you're just looking for good pop music, get Exposed, or the regular version of this CD. The bonus remix is nice, but not anything too special. I bought this in China Town, and this was the only version they had. If you like CoCo, also try Tata Young. She has a great, near-perfect album called I Believe.
2 ||| The Nokia 900 mAh NiMN Extended Vibrating Battery is anything but extended unless you are counting the time you will have it in a charger trying to keep it charged. I have had mine 41 days and am already having trouble keeping it charged. My phone is on about 10 hours per day with minimal talk time, Usually less than 30 mins. per day.
3 ||| I liked A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET it introduces us to one of the most meanacing villans of all time FREDDY KRUGER and what he does which I'm not going to give away just watch and find out. The only complaint I have about this scary thriller is that sometimes overdo's the gore you'll see what I mean when you see it. Anyway this movie is a heck'ava lot better than SCREAM I can't believe both had the same director. If you love being scared you'll love this all-time horror classic.
1 ||| I'd loved all the other Jack Ryan stories I'd read (though I hadn't read all of them). This was a little too coarse and nowhere near as good as the earlier ones.
3 ||| It's clean, simple to use, safe, and grills as well or better than gas or charcoal grills.
3 ||| William Goldman knows how to tell a story that is at once a marvelously funny spoof of the fantasy/adventure genre and a successful story in the genre itself. I first read this book in my youth, when it was initially released. I loved Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (screenplay by Goldman), and needed a good read. I got it. I have reread it and loaned it out so many times that my old first issue finally wore out. So I ordered a new one to share with my kids. Buttercup, Wesley, Inigo, Fezzik and Vizzini are memorable, each with his or her own story. A great book to read to kids, too.
4 ||| I got this for a gift for my dad he loves it! It's still in great condition and I received it sooner than expected. Overall, well worth it!
2 ||| I have been doing yoga for several years and own approximately 10 videos. This reminds me of a Jane Fonda aerobics video gone modern. For practioners wanting to reap the relaxation/flexibility benefits of Yoga, you will NOT find it here. This video serves as a mild workout, great to energize you for the day. It does not concentrate on breathing. Poses are held for short periods of time and not very advanced. It does offer a "less advanced" option to the poses. I am giving this a three rating because of the ab workout towards the end of the video; which is its only redeeming quality!
3 ||| I have read most of what clancy has written and in this case, feel he has out done himself in delaying the action in order to provide himself with a forum for his conservative views.Of the 1024 odd pages, the action didn't start until I had fought my way through at least 720 pages of really boring dialogue dealing with issues such as Jack Ryan's views on Roe V Wade. To me ,everything has a place and clancy's views on that subject do not belong in an adventure novel, fiction at that. Whether I agree with clancy's views or not I bought the book for pleasure not to listen to his political opinions. Once the action started , I don't feel he was writing at the level of "A RED STORM RISING" OR "RED OCTOBER". Those stories had you right in the action racing to the next page.it didn't happen here.
1 ||| These thongs were cute, but not that comfortable. When worn for a long time, it rubs the wrong way. The charms are cute, but they get stuck between my first and second toe, which is pretty annoying
0 ||| I can't imagine anything that they could add to this documentary that could make it any worse. We turned it off after 5 minutes. Wow.
0 ||| This book is truly horrible. The story is mutilated, the plot (if there is one) makes no sense, and all characters save two or three are trivialized to worthlessness. Read books 1-5 of the Dungeon but DO NOT read this book unless you want to be extremely disappointed. I guarantee that your imagination, no matter how lacking, can think up a better ending for this series than Richard Lupoff did.
3 ||| This is a nice movie to view on a lazy Sunday afternoon. The children in the movie gave a good performance. A bonus was to see Kristen Stewart--in a small role. I order many used DVD's from Amazon. But I no longer order new DVD's. I save about $5 getting them at Target-new.
1 ||| This guy just "cans" Mormonism, as he "cans" pretty much every "faith" other than his own, whatever that may be. I'm NOT Mormon and don't hope to be - but I did expect some sort of unbiased reporting from someone with an "open mind". He professes "Christianity" and tells us to keep to the "straight and narrow". But what exactly are HIS own views, and let's see him review THEM candidly and without bias. He forgets to mention that Christianity (per se) has so many "holes" in it that we shouldn't believe ANY of that, either. To each his own, I suppose.
2 ||| I just got this headset with my new Treo 650 phone, and it works fine. The pairing process is fairly simple, there are two versions supplied in the book to allow for different capabilities in various phones. I've never used a Bluetooth headset before this one, so I can't compare to other models, but sound quality and usability seems great.It does take some getting used to in terms of how you put it on your ear, but not overly so. I can definitely recommend this product.
4 ||| If you want worship, this DVD starts with Richard Smallwood's "Total Praise" which will make you lift your eyes to the hills. If you want praise, there's Hezekiah Walker's "I've Got A Reason" and you will want to sing and shout. If you want some ol' school, there's "Glad I've Got Jesus" by the Canton Spirituals and you'll start tappin your foot and shakin' your head......this DVD something for whatever you want to experience....
4 ||| I remember walking to the library as a thirteen year old with my back pack, smile on my face between each of the foundation books. Now, I have read them over again (a few times) and the only difference is that I now own them so no more walks to the library.
0 ||| HO-kuwho names their album another dumb blond? why would you call yourself a dumb blond, especially on the front of your CD. Stupid unintellectual music
0 ||| This product does catch the flys but i'm not sure if it doesn't attract more in the process. WoW does it stink
4 ||| I chose this item for my mother, who is a huge GWTW fan. It arrived quickly, well-packaged, and in time for Christmas.
0 ||| When I received my order I was so excited to receive it.. But after opening the package I was overwhelmed by the smell of rubber. I didn't know I had ordered tires. The smell was incredible.
0 ||| My wife tried this product and hated it. It smelled terrible, and did not work. Would never buy it again. Way too much money for something that didn't work.
0 ||| This is not a collection of Jane Austen novels. The first half contains some kind of textbook information on WiMAX technology, and the second half appears to be xeroxed pages of a Sense and Sensibility paperback. I was completely floored. WARNING: I noticed there are several other versions of this book (all entitled "The Novels of Jane Austen (Large Print Edition)" with no description given; publisher is BiblioLife)for sale. I'm not sure whether this is some kind of scam or a sneaky way for some dude to get his WiMAX info published?
0 ||| I guess my title is basically all I have to say about this movie. The original was wonderful. This is just pale by comparison. Don't waste your time.
4 ||| This came in the mail quickly and was in mint condition. Great to do business with.
4 ||| To be able to hear one of Jazz great Sax players with the greatest pianist and his sidemen is a great treat.
2 ||| For those who are starting to read this book, do not be so quick to put it down. After the first 20 some chapters the book starts to get interesting. Ernest Hemingway's story is good but not exactly classic. His potrayal of the war description is good too but not excellent. Catherine and Frederick's relationship on the other hand is very confusing. At times it seemed like she loves Frederick, and at other times it seems like she doesn't want people to know that they are together. Overall the book was not that bad, although I do not recommend it, I give it three stars.
3 ||| Pat Travers is one of the most underrated guitar players, singer/songwriters in the universe. While I feel his best work was to come...the first four tracks on this CD are great and well worth the purchase.His guitar riffs are varied and show alot of range without dragging on and on like so many axe men of that era. His rough, soulful vocal style fits like a glove.The foray into jazz/rockish keyboard compositions are but a slight detour from the real strengh of PT...guitar based hard rock!! Track 8 is laughable. Thank god he came to his senses and avoided that light wieght rubbish in future recordings.Check out his "Blues Magnet" and "Halfway to Somewhere" CD's...they are the real deal!!
4 ||| It's amazing that this book is 30 years old. The book is loaded with physics and boilogy, but still reads pretty easy. I definately plan on reading more from Chrichton.
0 ||| I bought this CD because I haven't read any metal magazine for a long time, and I didn't know who is the replacement for Bruce. This is a totally disappointing album. I can understand that Steve can right darker moods of a song, but Blaze? PLease! He is a sorry excuse to be a part of Maiden. Ok, Blaze has a mysterious dark voice (that's why they call him "the Dark Lord"), but he can do better than that! My dog can sing better than him. Bruce's voice can be dramatic to operatic to volcanic. Air Raid Siren is God.
4 ||| Roger has a problem. He is too jolly and kind. Whenever there is a fight, the other pirates send him below and out of the way. Just before one fight was to begin, Jolly was again sent down below. He was sad that the other pirates didn't like him. He got a great idea! He would make them a cake. He found what looked like a big pot to bake the cake in. He put in any ingredients he could find. He stirred the ingredients. Jolly found a place to light the pot so that he could bake his cake. What a surprise! (You'll have to get the book to find out what it was.) All of the men they were fighting fled from fright. The other pirates thought Jolly was GREAT! They even made a flag to honor him. Most pirate ships fly this flag; they call it the Jolly Roger.This is a delightful pirate story. The illustrations are vivid and alive with action. The text is just the right length for preschool and above. One of my favorite pirate books!
4 ||| Once again an outstanding book by Bodie and Brock. I love their books and their ability to make you feel you are there.
0 ||| I ordered a NAS drive from CompUSA. They sent the wrong item, which was a regular hard drive ($100.00 cheaper), not the NAS drive I ordered. They refused to replace the erroneous item instead offering a refund and raised the price of the NAS drive by $70.00 rather than honor the original price. BATE AND SWITCH. Their customer service was awful I was on hold for 90 minutes trying to get a refund and still got the run-around. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM. I was surprised to find that AMAZON was equally no help telling me that my problem is with CompUSA not AMAZON who I placed the order with, and CompUSA telling me that AMAZON needs to honor the original price.
0 ||| Awful. Terrible. Preppy. Not punk, not rock. Hey, these guys don't even deserve to be called pop. It's that bad. Every single person that says this is the "greatest band ever" has obviously never heard Nirvana, The Beatles or the Foo Fighters. Every single song sounds just like the one before it and is terrible. Do not buy this album! You are only fueling the mainstream pop monster! We must destroy it before it takes over! Do yourself, and music, a favor and buy Nevermind by Nirvana, any Beatles album, or any Foo Fighters album. But do not buy this trash. There is only one thing an album like this is good for. FIRE STARTER!!
2 ||| Owners of 2000 thru 2002 Lincoln LS 3.9L should take advantage of the extraordinary quality of this brand of oil filter. Will not fit 2003-2006 3.9L Lincolns due to addition of factory oil cooler. I have done extensive research on filters and some are true junk. Most junk filters will last 3K miles before the bypass opens. You will run unfiltered oil if that happens. With the trend to use synthetic oils some neglect the oil filter. There are many quality filter that can last 5000-5500 miles before needing service while using full synthentic. Avg filter pleates range from 40 to an amazing 88 on the Mann. Oil is expensive and using a junk oil filter just doesn't make sense with synthetic oils. Check the 2001 Jag S type with 4.0L. It uses the same oil filter
4 ||| This door stop works great. It's heavy and secures doors well, and I get lots of compliments on it. Everyone loves it.
0 ||| This book never would have gotten published if not for the dishy promise: Former assistant to a high-profile fashion editor writes "fiction" about....an assistant to a high-profile fashion editor. I only bought the book because I used to work for a big women's magazine and I was curious to hear her take on that world. As far as the dish goes, that part's pretty entertaining--and I don't doubt that the author culls from her actual experience, because all the parts that don't concern Andrea's dealings with Miranda are laughably lame and two-dimensional. I enjoy light beach-reading as much as anyone, but I believe a book can be fluffy and fun yet still smart and clever (like Bridget Jones' Diary)--and this isn't.
0 ||| AAH! This book bored me to tears... literally. Thanks to Charles Dickens and his array of b****y women and the rest of the babbling morons, I never want to see that book again. It was thrown across the room many times in the course of my reading. Being forced to read that garbage didn't help much either. I don't understand why honor english students have to be tortured with his 500 pages of nothingness. I had to get the monarch notes to be able to understand it all! It made me feel like an idiot and maaaaaaybe if it was understandable and shorter.... it would actually be good. MAAAAAAAYBE!
2 ||| This book has some interesting recipes and discussion, but it is filled with lots of pictures, theory and concepts. I was only looking for a cookbook, hence the 3 stars.
3 ||| Before I comment on the content of the book I just want to say that the design of the jacket is simply brilliant! The book itself is very entertaining, captivating, and interesting. I recommend it to anyone who is interested in the Riemann Hypothesis. It not only gives you some of the key ideas that are out there in the mathematics community for attacking the problem but it also gives you an account of the major players in this field. It tells you why mathematicians love working on problems against all odds. The book relates their excitement, frustrations, creativity, dedication, and mental stamina in a way that it feels as if it's you instead of Sabbagh who is interviewing the mathematicians. Simply put, it's a fun book!!
3 ||| ROBIN HOOD is given a remastered edition, and while not one of Disney's most endearing movies, it has some charming moments and good voice characterizations. Peter Ustinov stands out as Prince John, the rascally usurper of his brother's throne; Terry-Thomas is fun as Hiss, the snake who is John's henchreptile; Roger Miller is an adequate troubador; Pat Buttram makes for a fine Sheriff; Andy Devine is funny as Friar Tuck and Phil Harris blusters through his Little John role. Unfortunately, Brian Bedford is a weak Robin, although Carole Shelley is delightful as Madam Cluck. The songs aren't the greatest, but they're done with energy and flair. Kids will probably enjoy it but 101 DALMATIANS remains my favorite Disney toon.
1 ||| If you're looking for a deep-thinker with intelligent comedy, please back away from this movie slowly and carefully.If you want to laugh until you nearly wet your pants, this is the movie for you!I laughed, and laughed, and laughed some more at this bawdy, stupid comedy. It was just plain funny. The cameos were great, and even though at times Ben Stiller's character began to grate on my nerves because he was trying too hard, it was still laugh out loud funny.The dialogue is ridiculous, and that's what makes it great. And make sure you watch all the way through the end credits! It will leave you with the funniest image to haunt your nightmares in a loooooooong time.
0 ||| I remember next to nothing about him from school history.His auto places him in a good light.I guess if I really wanted to know about him I would not read an autobiography.
2 ||| This is the only Steinbeck I have read to date (except for The Pearl) and I started it expecting a masterpiece, given that Steinbeck was a Nobel laureate. It is certainly a good enough, solid story, reasonably well told, but no masterpiece. Maybe it's just that the plot element of a person killing another he loves as an act of compassion has been used too often since (e.g. Betty Blue and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest).So read the book, by all means, but don't harbour the expectations I had. It's a short little book, not complex at all, so it won't be hard work even if you don't like it all that much.
0 ||| WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! The transfer quality of this DVD "SECRET AGENT" is discusting. This is the 21st century, the digital age. With the latest transfer machines on the market there are no excuses for studio's churning out rotten transfers. Before you buy this disc, ask yourself if you can sit through an unwatchable image. Good old "Hitch" would turn in his grave if he knew what was happening to his precious movies. A warning should be posted about the rotten transfer of this disc and I have just done it! DON'T BUY IT. DEMAND BETTER QUALITY!
4 ||| I think Christopher Paolini does a great job in writing the Eragon books and I think that Gerard Doyle does a great job in dramatising the story. One of the things I like about the book is that Eragon and Brom travel a lot more than in the movie and that you meet a lot of new characters that you don't know from the movie. Two of the characters are my favorite, Orik and Hrothgar. Whoever has not read this book or listened to this audiobook will enjoy it. I enjoyed it very much.
1 ||| Nothing special to write about this product. The shipping was great and just as promised. The product was exactly as pictured. I have tried it and I am not really crazy about it. It taste better in 1% milk than it does in skim milk.I compared it to Medifast and Medifast won hands down. Not a bad product, just not for me.
0 ||| Cover: For Exam 70-222 No Longer AppliesThe front cover, spine, and back cover of this Training Kit imply that the Training Kit is geared toward the MCP Exam 70-222, however this no longer applies due to the changes in the objectives for this exam.Exam 70-222 is still in development and will be released in its beta version by July 2000. Because the objectives for the exam were not yet finalized when this Training Kit was first published, the Training Kit does not map exactly to this exam, nor to the direction this exam is taking in its development.Since the exam objectives have changed, please disregard the references on the cover.
1 ||| As long as the structural quality is ok, these things are pretty interchangeable. I was most impressed because I wanted them quickly. I ordered them one day and they arrived the next. I wouldn't have gotten them (I bought 2) any sooner if I had gone to a retail store.
1 ||| Listing says "holds up to 25 pills or tablets" they must mean pills the size of a grain of rice. I'd return it but it ain't worth the trouble.
1 ||| let's be objective. a great film in many respects, superb action sequences with glaring unforgivable errors. why on earth do the germans speak english with such an accent, it would have made a lot more sense to have had subtitles. Secondly, where on earth does a state of the art helicopter appear in WW2?!?. We need to redefine the patent for the helicopter, in fact i almost died laughing!. The most stupid thing was that they were chatting with each other and blowing off germans at random without needing to reload, i mean give me a break. If they were ninepins, WW2 would have been over just like that! The creators should have been more realistic. I also did'nt agree with the part where these two guys are on top of the cable car and make their way so smoothly into the castle without a single german lookout spotting them. But these deficencies apart, it's still a great film in many ways.
4 ||| so i wanted to buy one of Bjork's live albums the other day. I was leaning towards Post Live or Homogenic Live but when I got to the store, all they had was 1 copy of Debut Live so I got it, even though Debut is not my favorite Bjork album. This CD is about half and half, half is good, the other not so much. not because it's bad, but either a) the performance sounds too much like the original (anchor song, crying, Like Someone I Love..) or because I don't like the new way Bjork rearranged the song(Big Time Sensuality. It should stay a DANCE song). Also, I already had this version of Venus As A Boy on the Isobel single so that was pretty useless to me too. The highlights on here are Human Behaviour, Violently Happy, and Come To Me, which I hadn't really paid attention to before (the DEBUT album version) and wasn't one of my favorites but it sounds REALLY good here. It's probably my favorite track on here.
4 ||| Sea Change is an enthralling journey with the author as she overcomes fears to sail from East to West Scotland. Mairie writes with sensitivity, evoking memories for anyone who has ever sailed. Her beautiful watercolours and drawings are the icing on the cake.
0 ||| Im only giving it one star because the option of giving no starts is not available.I too was totaly disapointed in this film. The only thing that resembled the Anne of Green Gables series was the names of the charachters. Why the producers decided to go so far away from the series story....I have no idea. It's the wrong time frame, the wrong story line, the wrong character profiles. They set Green Gables on fire for goodness sake...absolute sacrilege. They set the timeperiod in WW1, with Anne and Gilbert just getting married. Please!!!! In Rilla of Ingleside (Montgomery's last Anne book), Anne's three sons go to fight in the war. The first two films were perfect so I don't know why the producers had to ruin it. What were they thinking? I can only hope that someone else will redo the series and include the great stories that begin in Anne's House of Dreams.
0 ||| totally disappointing. this was BY FAR the most disappointing CD ever bought... i don't know WHAT people are thinking. i mean i was dooped, i bought the CD cause i saw her live (live TV performance) and thought her whole thing was different and cool. i was only right about the first part. it weas NOT cool ubt rather a horrible WASTE of money. trust me, as a singer myself, i could easily have made a better album. it was a horrid waste of money and cd materials and time in studio. her voice is horrible & her songs are stupid and unlistenable.lmj
1 ||| In this book, David Kinsley takes a brief look at the murky area where ecological concerns meet religious ones. This is not an in-depth historical study; rather it's almost a series of vignettes, with each description of particular cultural practices serving to illustrate a paradigm for the nexus of these concerns. In other words, there's some fascinating stuff in here, but don't use this text as sole support for any general conclusions.
1 ||| I was new to Guanajuato and enjoyed the parts of the book the discuss the city. But the story line was trite, even contrived. THe "culinary" part of the mystery included recipes that, while tasty, are hardly gourmet -- they mostly consisted of things made with Campbell's soup. Not one that I recall was indigenous to Mexico. At least it was a quick read.
4 ||| The Staple Singers get Right here.The Stax Musicianship is in High Gear here.this is When Soul Music was Soul Music.Great Arrangements&So Much Feeling that you can't turn it off.the Music is So Deep&Rich that it will Bring Tears Of Joy To Your Heart&Soul.Genius in front of The Mic&Behind it.
2 ||| I have to say that I don't feel I need to say this music is good because these kids are retarded. I laugh every time i listen to this. I feel bad for the people with normal mentality who produce it and play the instruments for these kids. HILARIOUS. All the people who say its good are probably just a bunch of single white females with no lives who complain about everything and blame violence on t.v and video games.This CD sucks. But it gets me laughing
0 ||| I had high hopes for this case but when I put it on my belt and walked around the house, I accidently bumped lightly against a bookcase and it cracked. I was surprised since I barely brushed the bookcase. I called Contour Design and they had me send it back to them but they determined it was not a warranty issue and will not replace or fix it. While the case did protect my iPod, I would not recommend it since it is too easily scratched or cracked. Get a case that has some flexibility to it and from a company that will stand by their product.
4 ||| ILOVED THIS MOVIE!!!! THE WIDESCREEN DVD VERSION REALLY TAKES IN THE BREATHTAKING SCENERY, AND THE BEAUTIFUL COLORS IN THE LANDSCAPE. THIS MOVIE REALLY DREW ME IN FROM THE BEGINNING, AND IT REALLY BROUGHT OUT EMOTIONS RANGING FROM SADNESS AT THE BEGINNING OF HER DIVORCE, HAPPINESS IN WHEN SHE BEGINS HER NEW LIFE IN TUSCANY AND MEET THE "EYE CANDY", ANGER OVER HOW SHE IS TREATED, AND TEARY-EYED AT THE BITTERSWEET ENDING OF THIS MOVIE. YEP, THIS IS DEFINITELY A KEEPER!!!!!! I REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND SOME OF THE MORE NEGATIVE REVIEWS OF THIS MOVIE!! HAVE NO DISTRACTIONS, RELAX, AND LET TUSCANY TAKE YOU AWAY!!!!
4 ||| Absolutely great film. I watched this as a small child and loved it. Through the years I was growing up I lost the title of it but still vividly recalled the scenes. Now as an adult I finally got a chance to see it again and can safely say that it is more satsifying to me than it was as a child. A must see!
0 ||| There are many wonderful Halloween picture books out there, but Clifford's First Halloween isn't one of them.The text is very boring and predictable, with lines like "Mommy made us candy apples." and "My neighbors were nice." Often the text doesn't correspond well with what's on the page. This is confusing for preschoolers. Older children won't mind when the very first page opens with "I'm Emily Elizabeth, the cat" but younger readers are confused. The same page shows a picture of a dog, and the little girl is wearing a cat costume. Honestly, the dog looks more like a cat than Emily Elizabeth does!The pictures are NOT really humorous. They seem hastily assembled, and truly there are dozens of picture books for young children about Halloween which are very worthwhile. Sadly enough, this book just seems to be trading on the popularity of the Clifford, The Big Red Dog character.Clifford's First Halloween is a picture book which doesn't have much to offer.ken32
0 ||| This book was not helpful. I was expecting insightful information, and was disappointed. I would not recommend this book for a first time mother.
0 ||| Finally a book that I could learn how to cook with and discover that cooking is actually enjoyable..so many great recipes and I am a picky eater!! A lot of the ingredients I already have..I cant say enough about this book..it saved me time and a lot of frustrations..thank you!!!
0 ||| Im not complaining about the movie im complaining how i special ordered it and i got it 3 days after it came out I could have just picked it up at the store that night.
4 ||| I guess you get what you pay for. I have several off brand sunglasses but none of them feel so cheap.
0 ||| We tried everything to get these to flow (we purchased 2 of them in different colors) and nothing worked. Takes ages to heat up, and then the blob just sits there and doesn't do anything - no motion, nothing. what a major disappointment.
0 ||| I wrote a much longer and more detailed of this film once, but They wouldn't print it so I'll just give you the basic conclusion: Joaquin Phoenix's EYES have more life than this entire dreadful film.Absolutely the worst film I've ever seen, and I've seen thousands.
1 ||| This book is about a 12 year old kid named Jonas. He lives in a world were they are trying to create peace everywhere, where there is no criminals or poor. Every family is perfect with two children. when the kids turn 12 the get a job that suites them the best. Older people teach them about how to do thier job correctlly, Jonas happens to get the giver, who knows things about the past that Jonas doesnt know. Everyone lives in the perfect happy world of our dreams.THE GIVER is written by Lois Lowry. It's a fictional book. i didnt like this book because it didnt make any sense realy to me and the parts that did i thought that they were dumb. I think this book is best suited for people who love to read or read a book every day, unlike me.that is my book review on THE GIVER.
4 ||| Before touching heaven with their "Loveless", MBV made this excellent record. New ideas, noisy sounds and an own style make this record to sound still original (after 11 years), sure it is not as elaborated as "Loveless" is, but which one it is!. MBV are (or were) the most audacious explorers of noise.
1 ||| Well...here I am, 14 years old, and I had to read this book for English. When I picked up this book, and found it to be written by Hemingway, I expected it be a superlative masterpiece of fiction, as is usually the wont of a renown author. However, this book disappointed me to some extent. The story itself was quite good, beautifully portraying one of life's great struggles in the form of an old fisherman's struggle with a marlin. But, the style in which the book was written was what really disappointed. I expected a fantastic, descriptive style, yet found a simplistic, and almost annoyingly abrupt one. The story was great, as well as the meaning, but the means by which it was conveyed was not altogether pleasing to me...
0 ||| Two slight problems were that the packaging the batteries came in were bent and wriggled from the shrink wrap.Not a problem unless they are displayed.Second it was not a 24 pack as advertised and pictured but rather two twelve packs of batteries.Sell what your advertising or get out, because the web has many competitors.
4 ||| It isn't as hard rocking as all the other Scorpions album, but it is still a great album. The best songs in there would be "Loving you Sunday Morning", "Holiday", and "Always Somewhere." Those songs wouldn't be the most hard rocking songs of the Scorpions, but they are one of the best soft rock classics of the Scorpions besides the song "Still Loving You" from the album Love at First Sting. I recommend this album if you are big fan of the Scorpion's songs, hard of soft.
4 ||| This is one of those CD's you can throw in & press the "repeat all" button & just let it play over & over & over...!! Every song is great! You'll find yourself singing along to all of them in no time! This is a must have for all country music lovers! (I won't list off all of the songs since they do that above.)I have seen Garth 6 times in concert - 3 of those from the front row!! - This CD brings back all of the excitement of being there live!! Own it!-You'll be happy you do!1smileycat :-)
4 ||| Ther CGI and live action come together really well. Some areas are a bit violent but realistic. Three hours of viewing adventure. Recommended.
4 ||| If you need a pair of shoes to bring out the best of your formal dresswear, think about the Kenneth Cole New York Men's Trip Planner as one of your first (and best) options...I bought it for my wedding and it was the best decission.
4 ||| I wish modern writers had the artistry imagination and poetry that seems to come so easily to Bronte and for that matter any other book many shudder at in reflection of high school English class. Beautiful as it is simple. I have no complaints.
0 ||| ...but couldn't bear to read another word. I've neverread any other Sedaris work, and was a bit disapointedby this book. Too much talk about his sexuality for itto be funny (unless he's trying to use his sexuality ashumor; are we supposed to think the fact that he's gayis funny?? I think not).I left my copy in a hotel room, perhaps the maidthere will see the humor in David's cleaning servicestory - I sure didn't (utterly gross!)I will try Me Talk Pretty...since most people herespeak highly of it. I have heard from other folksthis guy is hilarious...that remains to be seen.
1 ||| This scanner did several transparencies very well. When we tried a regular scan, the belt made a harsh grinding noise. The office directly across from mine even commented on hearing it. The weird thing is that with this terrible noise is that the scan was great. If you can handle a loud, grind...great pick-up.
3 ||| Steinbeck's travels across the country with Charley the dog reveal a lot about human nature, self-discovery, attitudes and opinions of the "everyman", and so much more. Each chapter is a super focused slice that tells the truth and lies at the same time, while both romanticizing and bringing to solid-ground America and Americans. An absolute must read for Americans of all walks.
0 ||| I'm tired of everyone crying over this film because it doesn't have michael myers. MICHAEL myers was Dead! get over it! the series to me ended with 2..John Originally wanted to make a Halloween movie every year, they made him put Myers in 2, he didn't want to! Halloween III I think is a brilliant film! and is too underserving of the bashing it gets.save your bashing for Halloween 5 and 6 if you want to bash Halloween films.
4 ||| This is not as fine as the old model that I used for years, but it will do for now
4 ||| We "Twihards" just have more to love! The story just continues to get better and better. I highly recommend it!
4 ||| Anyone who dosen't like Eragon has a bad taste for books. The best book in the world is this book. The first thing I couldn't belive was it was writen by a seventeen year old!
3 ||| ...And the most interesting trio working today-- that's the full package presented by The Tierney Sutton Band. Ms. Sutton's voice is the fourth instrument in what is in reality a quartet. In partnership with the incredible Christian Jacobs, Ray Brinker and Trey Henry and Kevin sharing bass, Tierney has produced a collection of songs of singular quality that demand your full attention. The addition of Jack Sheldon only adds to the importance of the CD. This band has deep roots with Jack Sheldon, and Sheldon is a major jazz figure who is consistantly overlooked for reasons that befuddle the muscians who have played with him or heard him play. He's a jazz master as well as showman, and I adore Tierney for including him on this master work. Play it loud, play it often. Buy as many copies as you can afford. We need to encourage the recording industry to make more Tierney Sutton Band recordings.
1 ||| I can't imagine any baby being interested in this. There is really not much to it, the velcro pieces pull off easily, the music player hangs down in the baby's face so if they roll over they hit their head on it, and the mirror/ball/flap on the end is pointless. The flap was almost permanently folded down, the ball barely spins, and the mirror is tiny. My son never cared anything for this playmat; when he got a little older he used it to stand up. All in all, this thing is a complete waste of money. If this playmat actually entertains a baby, it won't last very long.
1 ||| I had to stop after 15 min when the gum chewing mediaeval girls started saying "YO! DUDE! FER SHURE~! DIG IT!being somewhat facetious but thats how it was
2 ||| I don't fully accept what's in this book, but I enjoyed reading much of it. Tracing the origins of many familiar traditions present today in religious groups, and we all should progress, restore, go back to the original faith.
2 ||| Man sells most of what he has to buy a field, grow punkins on it, sell pumpkins to everyone in the world, uses the income to fully pay off field purchase and re-buy some of the stuff he sold. Ends with him watching field out window. Not a book that I love nor is it one that I hate. It just is what it is.
3 ||| This is a very high quality mirror made from sturdy material. Only reason I took one star off was because the screws required too much torque to get them to tighten. But it's for the best since this item is subject to vibrations.
1 ||| Like my title says I totally disagree with the guy who named his review Great For All Ages! Beet is just plain boring.The plot is basicly just like BLEACH. only BLEACH is more exciting and more funny. All that main characters in Beet are doing is just slaying vandels/monsters and it gets so dull. And its not great for all ages. I was bored of it when I was 8 years old and right now Im 11. And if you think Im one of those people that only read the 1 st book, your wrong I read volumes 1-9. The only reason I gave Beet 2 stars is because the drawings looked cool.Over all its a dull and boring sieries.If you want a good manga to read try Naruto, or Mar. If you want a more video game related manga try Gamerz Heaven by Maki Murakami.
0 ||| Ulch, can we say "boy band"? As much as I like Clay's voice, I have to say the complete opposite for this CD. With cheesy titles like "I Will Carry You" and "No More Sad Songs", this album screams "teeny-bopper dream come true". I've listened to each track a few times in hopes of maybe hearing something different and/or enjoyable, but no chance. 1 star.
1 ||| While Jack Nicholson supplies a good performance, Sean Penn's directorial debut is anything but original. The screenplay is almost identical to a little-known 1994 British production of "In the Cold Light of Day," wherein Richard E. Grant plays the role of the protagonist detective with even more intensity than Jack Nicholson. The Pledge's screenplay appears to have a few plot elements altered in order to distinguish itself from "In the Cold Light of Day;" however, these changes merely add to story-line non sequiturs. My advice: buy the British version of this story "In the Cold Light of Day" which is also available through Amazon.
3 ||| "The Happiest Baby" can teach any one EXACTLY how to calm their crying newborn in minutes...and help her sleep longer, too.
2 ||| This book is set in a small village outside of London during the time of the Black Plague. When the plague comes to the village, the vicar convinces them to stay isolated and contain it within the village. The book focuses on Anna, a young widow who is a maid for the vicar and his wife. We see the true horror of the disease and the changes that occur to the villagers as their isolation and fear infects their minds. There are graphic depictions of death, disease and the conditions found during the historical period. I enjoyed a historical perspective of the Black Plague, but found that by the end of the book, I didn't find the main character was as believable. While I appreciate a strong female character, she seemed highly improbable at times, particularly given the time period. It started off great and then fell off from there with an odd ending.
3 ||| This is actually an excellent collection, but I would get the 2-disc "Very Best Of Elvis Costello" myself. It's pretty much identical, and alot more affordable.
1 ||| I have chronic neck pain which is worse with driving. Currently I am using a U-shaped type pillow which helps somewhat with my neck pain. This DogBones Neck Pillow actually made my neck pain worse. It might help if you're a passenger, but it did not help while I was driving. I'm still looking for a better neck pillow...
3 ||| I share the lukewarm reactions to this book apparent in Amazon customer and press reviews. It adds little new but I am still glad I bought it. It doesn't live up to its title and is mainly just a straight chronicle of the Red Sox back office, including its squabbles and financial tergiversations. It has the merit of being hype-free and takes its subject seriously. It seems very fair-minded in its judgements about such personalities as Theo, Curt, Petie, and Manny and is very much centered on John Henry and the ownership issues but somehow the character sketches don't bring them to life.There's nothing wrong with the book and overall I like it -- and praise it with faint damns -- but I'm a Red Sox Nation member of over 40 yrs of neurosis. If you, too, are similarly of semi-sound mind, then it'w worth buying it. My only major criticism is that its comprehensive index does not contain a reference to "Evil Empire."
3 ||| When Garth first hit the country music scene, it was back in '89 or '90. I remember first hearing him on the radio and was very delighted to hear something different and at the same time it was country.This debut album of Garth's convey's a whole other side of Garth.His version of, "I Know One" is beautifully done. Just wish he would have still done his music the way he started out; country.
2 ||| I was very interested in the book as I have watched SNL for years, but found the Shales book dull, slow moving and frankly, I don't want to read the mundane contributions from "stars", mostly about nothing in particular. I also do not share the adulation of Belushis talent and ego - it does get better in the latter half of the book which is why I rated it 3 stars. Probably a little high.
4 ||| Already owned Diablo 2 but was missing the serial from the original D2. Great game, can't wait for Diablo 3.
0 ||| This is not in my book selections. I keep having problems with digital downloads to Surface RT from Amazon. Do not understand their problems.
3 ||| but I wouldn't know because this is the only book by Vonnegut that I've read. It's a great book, maybe the best I've read, but Catcher in the Rye and Salem's Lot come close. I'm not gonna say how old I am, because no one would take my comments seriously, but I'm young. It is a great book for people at a young age, but seriously not for the D-student. It's somewhat complex, and in a way philosophical. Vonnegut has constructed a masterfull book full of dry humor and sarcastic wit, but it's serious. Make sure you understand that this isn't a parody, it's an insight into our society. With the pictures of "wide open beavers", you may wonder what the hell Kurt was on when he wrote this, but I doubt he was out of it, it all works well together in the end. Anyway, I'm dawdling, so in short, read the book if you think you can.
1 ||| Although it works well for a phone holster, and I still use it today, mine broke just a few months after purchase. Poor quality, but it gets the job done.
0 ||| Not at all as interesting as I hoped it would be. The back roads of USA should be able to offer a much more colourful and interesting web than this.
4 ||| This movie is the best example of what a brilliant director can do with a brilliant script. Everything fits perfectly. Burgess at his best, kubrick at his best. A masterful examination of violence and human nature. It entertains as well as educates. The late director mixes gloriously pictures and music. Brilliant performances by everyone. It is obscene but never offensive. It is profane but never vulgar. It is art, psychology and prophesy together. Best seen and not talked about. Buy it, watch it, treasure it.
1 ||| This book is the most amazing, influential, disturbing, wonderful, and sickening, nightmarish, fantastic book I have ever read in my life.Don't read this review. Read the book. now, by whatever means.
1 ||| I really don't understand why many like this book and why it has become a classic. The plot is quite interesting. It's about 2 planes filled with British kids crashing on a deserted island. First of all, these kids would have died in a few weeks at the most! There is NO way normal men could kill wild boars, let alone young kids. Weapons are hard to make too, I don't know how the older young boys, around the age of 13, can make weapons that is sufficient and adequate enough to use for killing wild boars and other fierce creatures. This book is extremely far-fetched as I see it. But there are interesting elements too, I suppose. It's very symbolical. There's some symbols that I didn't fully interpret until I look into them closer, and I thought that was quite intriguing. It brings a more dark atmopshere into this book. One star for symbolism, and another one is to be respective for the effort of this book being made.
0 ||| Really? The other reviewers bought this piece of &*%$ ? Can you say shills. Rather than buy this why not take your money and flush it down the toilet as a way of communicating with the little green men?
4 ||| The brink of time add on cd to the chrono trigger osv was better than the original itsself. The orchestration by yasunori mitsuda was simply amazing, he truly is a master of vgmusic. I would in all ways say he is equal to or better than N. Umetsu (final fantasy). This is a truly captivating cd.
0 ||| I heard such great things about this film, but I tried to watch it with little expectations. I really like Guy Pierce and Carrie Anne-Moss, and the style and concept were interesting - however, It just took too long to get there -and I didn't think that figuring out the ending was all that difficult or surprising. Rent, not buy.
3 ||| The acting went from below average in SAW to pretty decent in SAW II. The story was similar to the original and there was plenty of gore as well. I enjoyed the flick Hostel a little more than both SAW films, but this one will sit proudly in my DVD collection right beside the first SAW.
0 ||| I go t this book as a free Kindle download and am glad I didn't pay for it. It was an interesting story but the writer just stopped telling it. The ending was completely unsatisfying and left far too many questions. It was as if the writer just got tired of writing and stopped. Would not recommend it at all.
3 ||| I like this watch, but it bought this one because it was described as a flix watch. Upon arrival there was no flix feature, just the night setting. The watch itself gets five stars, it just wasn't as advertised.
1 ||| My main problem with this book is the fact that you are taken step by step throught the development process but with no explainations of why you are doing the step. They aren't teaching...its more like rote repitition. On top of this, there are several critical typos and since you don't know the what and whys, they are that much harder to uncover. This could have been a great tutorial if IBM didn't assume it was writting to super-techies. Next time guys...EXPLAIN THE STEPS!
4 ||| This book contains history that has many lessons that are applicable to our lives here in this present day. It has been an inspiration to myself and my family. I highly recommend this book. It contains many life lessons that helps encourage us to make our lives better and to help those around us. No other book has been more influential in our life.
4 ||| I've been an avid fan of Stephen Lawhead's work for some years now, and I truly believe that the Song of Albion triology is his best work to date. Our world is but a shadow compared to the world Lawhead creates when Lewis and Simon cross over into the Otherworld. It's incredibly vivid and the plot is so engaging and well thought out that you can't help but be drawn into it. Celtic mythology is also something so different from any other culture in the world, and Stephen Lawhead the master of the Celtic/Fantasy genre. I can't speak highly enough of these books, and for me they sit equal with 'Magician' and just below 'The Lord of The Rings' as all time fantasy classics.
2 ||| Modern, so-called, re-makes usually stink, I haven't seen the re-invention of this film, yet. I have seen this one though, and it's errie filming, in that 16mm hand-held camera type style, alaBlair Witch Project really added to the effectiveness of the film. This film was also made to allow your imagination to actually frighten you more than they actually showed. This film is ultra creepy, no doubt, and I wouldn't suggest watching it alone late at night. However, in all honesty, it's short on the gore, much like the Shining. In fact, by today's gore standards, it would probably only rate a PG-13. If you like imagining horror more than seeing it, get this film, if not, perhaps you may like the newer version better.
1 ||| The reason I purchased this item was to hook up my Xbox 360 to the internet. I didn't even want to play games over the network, I just wanted to download updates and game add ons (like for Batman AC). The set up is horrible. Instructions are worthless. If you buy this, read the reviews on here of people who are smarter than the employees of TRENDnet to see how to actually set it up. Now to the review of why I bought it. It did work..... for about 10 minutes. Then it dropped the connection. I reset the access point. It worked for about another 10 minutes and then dropped the connection again. I was even in mid download of something when the connection stopped. DO NOT BUY FOR THE XBOX. At least returns are easy to Amazon..... :)
3 ||| Big Youth is not well-known in the US. But he performed great reggae in an appealing ROOTS style (note- "Roots Reggae" would be equivalent to Otis Redding/Sam Cooke style R&B). The remake of Delroy Wilson's "Dancing Mood" will make you smile. "Time Alone Will Tell" is helped by an appealing harmonica solo, and "Roots Foundation" sums up the positivity that most of the reggae of the pre-dancehall (Reggae's present-day equivalent to rap) was all about. A very worthwhile purchase.
1 ||| I'm not too much younger than Carly and have been a fan for years. Her voice still sounds lovely but this album is a real yawner - and not because it's supposedly a collection of lullabies (Oh Susanna as a lullaby??? Please!). There's no energy here, no creative arrangments - just a monotonous collection of covers. The prettiest song by far is Quiet Evenin' because there's a little originality there. Then there's the problem of who this album is aimed at. Adults? Kids? I wish she had just made a nice collection of sweet songs for children which would have made far more sense then this disappointment.
2 ||| CPD is a decent band if you take them for what they are: not a real swing band, but more of an insane mix of ska, punk, alternative, jazz, and lastly swing. There are 4 or 5 good songs here, but if you're looking for the most authentic sounding swing of the new era, spend your money on Big Bad Voodoo Daddy.
0 ||| I am a big fan of Kurt Russell but this movie sucks. And as Forrest Gump said, "thats all I have to say about that."
3 ||| This book is very small and easy to read, however nobody can seriously believe that you can get laid within minutes just following this method no matter how do you look like, how much money you have, etc as the author claim. I don't buy either that the author of the book has slept with even half of the girls he claims so easy. Let's be realistic here: you need to be good looking, funny, good conversation, dress nicely and a good car will help as well, no matter what method you use to close with someone in one night. Period.Having said that, The body language section of the book is really good and there are a few interesting ideas, like classifications, steps, non verbal communication, etc... some tools that can be used to try to understand a little bit better how women think. I agree with the author that many times women send us signals we can't understand and here we have a few ideas to decode them.
2 ||| I am Catholic, I work for a large Catholic Church and this practice is using something sacred for a non-sacred purpose and that's paganism - witchcraft.Insiders of the church know that and, rather than offend people, tend to look the other way instead of educating and warning people.There is a real Devil - Satan..and he is pretty darned good at manipulating people and events to make his side look attractive. He can engineer a house sale in a flash if it means hooking another poor soul into thinking they should trust in "hocus-pocus" rather than in Jesus Christ Himself.Amazon, I'm a good customer of yours and it grieves me to see that you are propogating material like this. Guess I learned something about you today.So sad.To those who want to make use of this little bit of magic, try surrendering your life to Christ, make Him the center of your world and let His Spirit guide everything you do, including selling your house.JW
1 ||| This is the best overall book on Oracle Tuning but the editors were sloppy in weeding out the typos--no excuse for a second edition book. The index is one of the worst that I've ever seen in a technical book; sometimes you practically have to look at every page to find what you're looking for because of the way the book is organized.
0 ||| I'll admit that this book was interesting, but I didn't know where the author was going with it. I had to read this book for English so I could write a speech about it on whether or not it's a classic. I don't know what I will write since I really don't know what it's themes are. I could not relate to the characters very much. I don't know anyone like these people! What I saw were a bunch of losers who had their problems, but they didn't didn't try to help themselves! Mr. Singer was the most promising character in the book, but he killed himself! I was very disappointed! I guess this book made me realize that I have little problems in comparison to them. Don't read this book unless you are an expert on finding themes!
0 ||| This album should be called "Songs from The Karate Kid".I expected to see some of the songs on this album but not 'only' the songs. Where is the beautiful instrumental music from Bill Conti? A major disappointment.
1 ||| I thought the book I purchased was a used book, but I do not believe it was, I believe it was damaged during production or shipping.The binding was ripped and the book is permenantly bent or concave.Definitely readable, and I would purchase from the "used" again. I just prefer the used to look worn not misfigured.
3 ||| The youngest readers are often attracted to books with which they can play a part - be it a lift-the-flap book, a puzzle book, or, in this case, a sticker book.With 32 bold colored stickers youngsters can play a matching game as either they are read to or they read aloud.Interacting with a book is a positive experience for children, plus these colorful stickers are reusable. So, the fun doesn't end.
1 ||| I had just received this Garlic roaster and couldn't wait to try it. I followed the directions and instead of putting in in the microwave for 5-6 minutes, I put it in for only 4 minutes. The smoke started pouring out of the microwave vent and the entire head of garlic was coal black and the roaster was ruined. A friend told me to try only 1 1/2 minutes and, although the roaster now has a burnt smell, I tried it for that time only. The garlic turned out soft and usable, except I will now have to replace the roaster with a new one. Whoever wrote the directions couldn't have been further off with the timing. Just be careful! I would probably cut down the oven time to 30 minutes instead of the recommended time, also.
1 ||| Tash is the main character of this story. Hoole, Zak, and Tash land on D'vouran, where a madman tells everyone in the village that people are disappearing. Tash also has a strange feeling about the planet and its inhabitints, the Enzeen. It turns out that D'vouran is an experiment run by the Empire. It is the beginning of a long stream of adventures that Tash, Zak, and Hoole go through. If you haven't read any of the Galaxy of Fear books, then read this one first. Each one is better than the last.
2 ||| Harris does a wonderful job of putting the reader into the everyday life of the Roman world. There is none of the stilted dialogue of so many historical novels, and his settings are vividly clear. The problem is with the peripheral characters, particularly Corelia. Throughout the book you get no feel for who she is or why she and the main character, based on just two brief encounters, should be so attracted as to risk their lives (first she, then he) for each other. The suspense and narrative could have held the reader long enough for Harris to spend a bit of time developing his characters.
3 ||| Great value for the price. It does only have one setting but it keeps my coffee warm for hours! Because of the pictures I thought this was battery operated so it should be noted this needs to be plugged into an outlet.
4 ||| Lauren has certainly shown us how to Rap but in terms of R&B this CD lacks a little, with such a beautiful voice, I would hope a little more singing from Lauren, well maybe the next album will shows us a bit more. Fantastic album other wise.
3 ||| Well written and sweet, but rather slow. Some characters were somewhat difficult to relate to, rendering their decisions and actions puzzling.
4 ||| This product was very helpful on my recent trip to Australia. I used it the whole time I was there and was integral to the use of my electronic appliances down there. I would recommend this to anyone who is travelling overseas. It also works in Europe and the UK.
1 ||| Not the best flash light, fells a little cheap but will work. No more picking up a flash light that has no batteries.
4 ||| I bought these socks on a whim because I just purchased a pair of Vibram FiveFinger Bikila LS toe shoes. Love the shoes, but I am not wearing these socks with them because the shoes are skin tight without the socks. I have ended up wearing my injinji's with every other pair of shoes I own. I currently have 3 pairs of these socks and will be purchasing more very soon. I will never wear a regular pair of socks again. I am officially a toe-sock convert. They allow a greater range of motion and completely eliminate toe bunching caused by socks.
1 ||| I had high hopes for this one after reading the reviews. It arrived fast and looked very sturdy and good quality. However, the locking mechanism is as worthless as I have ever seen. No matter how hard you tighten it, it still slides open when you apply any kind of serious "pulling pressure," like pulling the back of your boat against a dock. Not just a little movement, but all the way out until it catches on the plastic insert holding the sections together. It is the most frustrating boat hook I have ever used. I believe the problem with the design is the ribs. While the ribs make it sturdy, they also prevent a tight-sealing lock when you twist it. I think the other positive reviews reflect those who use it lightly and may not need it to lock so securely.
0 ||| This CD is pretty damn good - the skits always crack me up. I consider a CD to be good if I can listen to all of the songs on it w/o having to skip over one. Here, I pretty much was able to listen to all of 'em. The only thing is, though Luda is pretty good, some of the people rappin w/ him on his tracks really have no talent. I dunno if they're his friends, posse, or just peeps who paid him to be on his CD. Some of 'em have really annoying voices and suck ass, whereas Luda's got this comforting sorta southern twang. My personal faves here are: Rollout, Cry Babies, She Said, Growing Pains, Saturday, and Move B****.
4 ||| This movie is so different. It is such a deep story line, where several lives tie in and different plots going on. I like the depth of it, and the way it was narrated some, and the characters are all good. It is a sad one and it makes you think about alot of things... great acting. You have to pay attention in this.
2 ||| Those Songs By ATTACK OF THE KILLER B'S Was From The Albums Was Started With "I'm The Man" Was From The 1987 album AMONG THE LIVING, Always STATE OF EUPHORIA in 1988 "Antisocial",Specially "Parasite" and "Pipeline Was Released In The 1989 Album PENIKUFESIN, and The Album PERSISTENCE OF TIME Was Released In 1990 with "Keep It In The Family" & "Belly Of The Beast" there all Releases In The 1980's & 1990's Also.
2 ||| The movie - MacArthur was ok, but I thought Patton was better. I think MacArthur was really full of himself and he had an ego, as big as all outdoors. This movie was a bit vague about some things like MacArthur getting fired by Truman during the Korean War and what happened afterwards.
4 ||| Love this BibleIt's thin.It's durable.It's ESV.and it has a cool flameand It's God's Word!This is a great deal!
4 ||| Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Gary Oldmanand Morgan Freeman star in this 2005 action film basedon the comics. After his parents are murdered, BruceWayne becomes a vigilante hero of Gotham City. I likehow this went back to the dark roots and Christian isgood in it. This dvd set has nice picture and soundplus neat extras. I recommend this good Batman film.
4 ||| I am a huge fan of the original "The eye" films, Including both the first and second one. The third installment known as "Eye 3." It is the least thrilling of the series. There are several moments in the film that are "right-on." Hey if you are a fan of the film series; check it out. If you aren't then stay away.
0 ||| I bought this thinking that it would fit the Handspring Visor...it doesn't but that's not Franklin Covey's fault. Just beware all you Handspring owners that this won't work. I'm glad it didn't work however. It's constructed of cheap plastic and isn't very usable for 8-1/2 x 11" planners. Yuck.
1 ||| I read the first book, I was hooked. I read the second book, and it was pretty good. I read the third book and started to get disinterested. I read the fourth book and I was disapointed on the focus of constant sex and how much of a heroine Ayla was. The fifth book, sadly, follows in this pattern.Not only is there an *extreme* amount of sex, but Ayla being 'accepted' seemed forced. And the fact she keeps discovering things upsets me. Flint, 'spear-thrower', sewing, taming animals, ect, it's just very overdone.Ayla has no real flaws, which I think, is a huge problem when reading this story, as the reader has nothing to identify with.I've heard people talk about a story about Durc and what happens to him. I think after Valley of Horses, that might have been the better idea.
1 ||| I just read this book to my niece last night. It is an "I can read" book, designed for young readers, but it is rather lengthy, which is why I think I ended up reading the book to my niece. Plus the dialogue is a little forced... a lot of repeating the phrase 4 times in a row "Oh no oh no oh no oh no". I understand a little repetition is good in children's books, but this one kind of was overkill.I think kids starting out with reading will get bored half way through the book because its rather long. And the older kids that want longer stories will get bored with the actual story line.I did pick up on the craziness of the "hallucinations" after the medicine. That was kind of odd, then again, if I read right, it WAS published in the '70s.
4 ||| This really is one of the best books out there on myths. The one problem I had though is that I found it a little complicating to understand. I had to read it a couple of times to get the full picture. However, it really is a good read. More then likely should be used as an introduction.
2 ||| I am perplexed. We have all heard this album. This is the DVD-Audio version of it. Why is no one reviewing that? How is the mixing, the sound quality, the speaker distribution?
4 ||| This is the first book I have ever read by Kingsolver. The title caught my attention. For some reason, I loved this book. The other books, of Kingsolvers, that I have read haven't pulled me in as well as this one.This is a great read. I can't really tell you while, but it is well worth a try!
1 ||| You're much better off getting "Library Of Piano Classics" parts 1 & 2. I bought those two books first, and after ordering this book I was disappointed because it pretty much has almost all of the same songs (my fault, not the book's fault.) Plus, after going plastic coil binding you can't go back, and this book is lacking in that respect. Also, I found the printing to be somewhat smaller than normal.In summary, yes this book has a lot of the great songs you'll want to play, however do yourself a favor and get "Library Of Piano Classics" BOTH parts 1 & 2 instead... they're more user-friendly and you get pretty much the same songs PLUS a ton more.
0 ||| On nearly the second anniversary of receiving this player, the table stopped spinning. I called Numark and since it was out of warranty there was nothing they could do for me. The player was awesome. It one of my favorite belongings. The sound was pretty good for a built-in speaker. None of my records were damaged by the player, and the speed never seemed to waver. I gave it one star for every year of enjoyment I got. I'll be buying a crosley next, and if that one craps out I would probably buy another Numark. I just wish it hadn't have broken in the first place.
4 ||| I have not read the original "Dune" yet. I intend to read them all in chronological order, thus, this book is first in the timeline. I was not burdened with the notion of a "letdown" and enjoyed it as interesting space opera that's clearly setting the reader up with many characters, planets, and plot directions. I feel fortunate that I haven't the preconceived notions of the original Dune readers who can't accept the Anderson/Herbert book(s).
3 ||| I did a lot of research, and this product has the best ingredients, and the highest amounts of brown guggul. I have only been taking it about a week but I have lost about 3-4 pounds. It doesn't contain any stimulant like caffeine, so I don't get that jittery feeling. The suggested usage is 1-2 capusules twice a day, the bottle doesn't say whether to take before or after you eat, but I take it before breakfast after my morning coffee. And I have no nausea or anything. I take 2 capsules twice a day, it does raise your body temperature, and has increased my metabolism. I haven't changed my diet or exercised and its working. I will be ordering this again when I run out. And this company had speedy delivery, I received my order within 3 days.
1 ||| You meen these guys are still around?? They've all got to be like 40 now. The music sounds tired and dated, just like the members themselfes!! The singer has the same nasally voise, the drumber knows no good beats, and the guityar player just sits there and hacks out a few useless sords. Its anyones guess just what these lyrics are suposed to be about!! Nothing I can relate to. Listen people, et some Fall Out Boy, My Chemical Romance, Death Can For Cutie, Korn, Linkin Park, Taking Back Sunday, Limp Bizkit, Kidd Rock, Drowning Pool and Staind for actual good musik!! Go Bengals, who dey!@!
1 ||| You get a lot of them for the money but the soft tipped ones hold up better and aren't as gnarly on the gums.
4 ||| This is a sci-fi film with a good story, a mystery that gets solved, and some good action scenes. If that's what you like in films, you'll like 'I, Robot'.The special effects were probably state-of-the-art at the time (2004), but sometimes look a little dated now. This did not affect my enjoyment.If you look for subtle characterization and psychological interplay between characters, you won't find it in 'I, Robot', and you would not rate the film as highly as I do.The general background is inspired by Isaac Asimov's stories about robots, and the character of Susan Calvin is more or less the same as Asimov's Susan Calvin. But the story is new.
2 ||| Sometimes life can be altered by simply catching a train. The opening scenes are quite captivating. Making the train, Gwyneth Pathrow's character catches her boyfriend cheating. Missing, the cheating game continues.The movie is a little slow in spots. Some of the shifting between the making train world and missing train world can grow a bit wearisome. And the cheating boyfriend is just a hateful character. Nonetheless, the subject matter does have some intrigue about how life can change by sliding through a door.
1 ||| They sound like the Beatles...Blah, Blah, Blah. I don't know about you but the Beatles I listen to must sound very different than the Beatles you people listen to. So what! Radiohead sounds like U2 and so on, and so on. Gas Panic is the bomb. Everybody relax and give this album a chance. This album grows with every listen.
0 ||| How could anyone sit and read this boring work of fiction. I am actually listening to the audio version and I am almost falling asleep and cannot remember a word the reader has said.I am going to stick to the movie versions of Anne of Green Gables instead of reading the rest of the books. At least the movies keep your interest.
0 ||| Being a collector of period pieces, I have never watched a collection with such aweful picture quality. Do not buy this collection if you want mediocre or good quality viewing.
0 ||| I heard all this hype about Daryll Hannah in this movie.....It was ok. it'd be interesting to see a remake of this movie.
0 ||| The professor is outstanding in this film. The story moves slowly and gets slower, which is too bad. The series which was produced based on the movie was much better.
0 ||| I have purchased this camera in 1999. I have used it for a few times. The pictures came out great. However, it did not work like 13 months later. When I moved the shell to turn the camera on, it did not turn on at all. I can hear the motor is running. But it was not working at all. Since it is already over one year old, I have to pay to get fixed. It will cost me like almost a hundred dollars. I just bought another camera then. I was disappointed that it did not last as long I want it to.
1 ||| Having re-read this book for the first time in two decades, I have no trouble understanding why it is a staple of high school literature classes everywhere. It's a great book for teaching symbolism, foreshadowing and some of the themes of the romantic movement. However, as an adult, I pretty much found it to be an excruciating reading experience, and I'm not just talking about the fact that the language is dense and dreary. The very things that make it a valuable teaching tool can be very annoying to a more experienced reader. As I was reading I kept wanting to scream every time Hawthorne talked about the scarlet letter burning, glowing or being like a painful brand. I got it already! I can put up with slogging through the nineteenth century prose if I'm going to be challenged a little, but this book no longer did it for me.
1 ||| It is clear that this movie was made by a Bush Hater I watched it out of curiosity and did not find the movie as entertaining or factual. Once again a movie that portrays conservatives as idiotic and evil.However it was well acted, Josh Brolin does a good job, however looks old when he tried to play W in college. Oliver Stone stumbles badly because he tries to hate the President and tries to suggest that all his decisions were driven for the approval of his father. I would recommend it only if you miss Bush. I know I do....I used to love Oliver Stone but he has not made any notable movie lately, to make matters worse he is recycling his old movie material watch out for Wall Street 2.
0 ||| my scanner hasn't worked since the day i took it out of the box, installed the software, and the green light is on but when i hit scan it does nothing! looks like it's a dud. lol.
4 ||| I needed a kit to take on vacation in case my sunglasses had any issues. Sungalsses are pretty important on vacation (sunny) and it is not possible to replace expensive ones, nor should you have to. We all hate when those little screws come out and it is really hard to find them. Now if it happens, I am prepared. It has a variety of things and after checking I can see it has what I would need. Lots of different sizes and more than just screws. I feel confident with this purchase but the case should be a little more sturdy, seems like it can crack easy and the can update the contents to be more contemporary. Overall good product. This seemed to be the best one for the price for what I was looking for.
1 ||| If someone had told me 10 years ago that Girls Against Boys would still be playing today such minor-league Manhattan clubs as the Mercury Lounge and Brownies, I would have called them crazy. I was sure these guys were going to make it big. But I've grown up, and most things around me have changed. Except, apparently, GVSB. Now when I listen to some of my old GVSB recordings, my adolescent bad taste embarrasses me. Yet here we have another GSVB CD, one that sounds exactly like the stuff they put out way back when, just as monotonous and just as adolescent. Maybe the fact that their music hasn't evolved has a lot to do with the fact they went nowhere and that their one mainstream recording a few years ago flopped so badly. Only singer Scott McCloud sounds like he has any energy left. The rest of the group just seems to be going though the motions. This CD is a complete fiasco. Sadly, it seems, these "Boys" are never going to be Men.
3 ||| This book is perfect for reading in short bursts whenever you have a minute. It's broken up into so many small sections that you can practically start and stop on any page without losing your place. It has a rambling plot that presents an interestingly different viewpoint of the world around us.
4 ||| i love these diapers, also they are at a great price. they leak at night sometimes if the baby pees tons of times, which is very normal.
4 ||| I needed to replace a broken retractable antenna on my car. This product was a fairly reasonable price, installation was fairly easy and it seems to work fairly well. If there is one area I think could be improved it's the ability of the antenna to pull in weaker stations. If you are outside an area with strong signals it has trouble receiving those weaker stations (and when it does receive them it doesn't sound great--as compared to a different antenna in my wife's van under similar conditions). However, all things considered, it does the job and I'd buy it again.
4 ||| This album is awesome! each song has a wicked dub version right after the track with vocals.
0 ||| i was very disappointed to realize there was no battery back up! what happens when the power is out before the fire starts or during the fire!
4 ||| You will really enjoy this book. Lewis is one of those rare individuals that is able to express the truth with clarity and power, and you can feel it in your heart. I found this book to be beautiful and exciting and believe that one day we will all have faces.
4 ||| This is a good change from all of the death metal I listen to. It good old fashion rock rap with a ill so cal Reggie style.
1 ||| Having read Ms. Manning's book, it is obvious that she has somehow managed to overlook perhaps the most important pioneer and innovator of what she calls the "free energy" movement:JOSEPH W. NEWMANIt is incredible to me that she could write such a book without including Joseph Newman's long struggle to bring forth his revolutionary technology. Writing such a book without featuring the work of Joseph Newman is as ridiculous as writing a book about the history of aviation and omitting any reference to the Wright Brothers.I would suggest that she view his website videos at:... and perhaps she would discover the essential nature of his successful and innovative technology.Gary
0 ||| Their classic, Oceanborn, comes right after this one. This is just a medicore album. If youre a new fan, stay away! Your money is better spent on the 5 other albums.
4 ||| If you need to do research, or just want to read more about The Gospel of Matthew, this book is for you.
0 ||| I only purchased this movie because Isia Argento looked sexy in it, it is not a bad movie if you are bored you can watch it and waste some time on it.
0 ||| Jorion's book is indispensable (and, in my experience, sufficient) when preparing for the FRM exam; if you are taking it, think no more. An added bonus is the impressive number of typos and errors to test your knowledge :)
3 ||| My daughter shamed me into wearing these comfortable and stylish shoes, claiming that I was "dated" in wearing my regular running shoes. They are comfortable and I receive many compliments.
2 ||| The realism confused me, and since I haven't been the same since the film Inception, I need my lines clearly drawn.
1 ||| This was one of the first books I picked up when I first started studying the Craft, right along with Wicca: A Guide for the Solitary Practioner. I found it as alot of jibberish, granted there was some decent parts, most of it seemed like it was written for her and only her and those she teaches. I found most of it difficult to understand, and her version of the Craft seemed so organized; for instance, your altar MUST look like this. Needless to say, Cunninghams book I finished, Ms Cabot's, I did not.
4 ||| I listened to the CD one time with my mom and then I couldn't stop listening to it. My favorite song is Friendness!!
0 ||| Amazon, you should be ashamed! This is a wonderful, elegant book, it's the text for my 2012 fall course on graduate classical mechanics, and probably for many such courses worldwide. Most students could really use a Kindle edition--but this one's horrible! Practically illegible, the equations in particular. The beauty has been ruined. For $42, you can surely do better. I'd planned on getting the whole Landau Lifshitz series on Kindle, but not until you get your act together. Please, please fix this -- notice this book is fifty years old and still the best. It will be for a long time to come, so it's well worth redoing.
0 ||| Although there are many patterns and pictures, none are in color and most refer the reader back to Volume 1, Lesson #.....Good for ideas, but difficult to complete if you don't own the previous volume.
0 ||| As a true Maxis fan, I was disappointed to say the least when I eventually discovered the PS2 version of "The Sims 2" was nothing like the one played on the PC. There are 3 big reasons why I regret purchasing this game:- You cannot become pregnant or adopt.- There are no Genetics, Family trees, etc.- There is no agingThe whole point of "The Sims 2" was to develop GENERATIONS of sims and take each sim from a child up to a senior citizen. In this games defense, I will say it did provide hours of entertainment.Honestly, The sims series just is not meant for a console like PS2. The sims series is a PC game, and when transferred to a console you lose so much of what makes the game great.I love almost every game Maxis has ever created, even my least favorite Maxis' games are ranked above some of the more popular PC games.A rare miss for Maxis.
0 ||| It was inspiring watching them dance. I guess you have to REALLY want to learn and be dedicated to get it. I bought this when dancehall was poppin in the states. Now, it's just apart of my collection....collecting dust.
0 ||| There's hardly any plot to this SciFi movie. A spaceship with a small crew has some sort of energy transmitter on board that is needed on earth. Without any real explanation the crew is then attacked by zombie like creatures, that boarded the ship claiming to be in need of being rescued. At first those rescued people seem normal but then they suddenly turn into zombies. And that's it .... really that's all there is to it, except of course the inevitable shootouts and fights between the crew and the zombies. Really, a bad flick if you ask me. The plot just stinks, cause besides the shooting nothing ever else happens, for some 80 minutes or so. Avoid, this turkey, because its not even worth renting it.
0 ||| I made three recipes in this book before giving up in frustration. If the flavors weren't uninteresting and one-dimensional, the technique described was a failure. I much prefer Deborah Madison's books, as well as Molly Katzen's.
4 ||| Nice story and great images. The actors all did a good job with what they were given. Sit back and just enjoy this one. Do not over analyze anything and enjoy this with some popcorn.
3 ||| This book tells the story of three generations of men in the Pontifex family. Theobold is unable to resist the domination of his father and acquiesces to following the ministry, as his father desires. Theobold's son Ernest, the novel's main character, is not exceptionally bright, motivated or gifted. Yet he succeeds in throwing off the religious and moral mantle he inherited. By doing so, he rejects the values of the age.This book is most interesting read in it's historical context. The discursions and lengthy sentences make it a slow read. But if you are in the mood for a classic, this one is enjoyable.
1 ||| This is my first digital camera. I should have bought a simpler one to start with. It has many good features but I have not figured out how to use them so I put the camera on automatic. If you know what you are doing it's great, but otherwise start with one that is truly "point and shoot." Also, everything is very tiny and I need a magnifier to read the screen.Angela McEwan
1 ||| ordered this as recommended by our vineyard owner. Worked well but too big for average hand. Returned without any problems.
4 ||| We've owned this book since my oldest daughter (who is now 12) was a toddler. It continues to be a family favorite, especially for reading aloud. It's one of the few stories that my 2 year old will listen to all the way through, he especially loves the echo element. This is a lovely story with lovely illustrations and I highly recommend it!
3 ||| This book provided a quick overview for someone already familiar with animation using Lightwave. It's not going to bring you to a pro level, but it's a good reference and start for the beginner. The "visual" icons actually do help, as advertised.
3 ||| Jonathan Richman is a fantastic, strange guy. I love a large percentage of his music, but this album was just a little too Raffi-esque for me. I adore You Can't Talk To The Dude, so I purchased this album just to get a good copy of that song.My favorite by him is Jonathan Goes Country.
0 ||| This adapter didn't work at all when I got it. So just for the heck of it I took it apart to maybe see what was the problem and the antenna is only there for looks. It isn't even attached. haha dumbest thing i've ever seen. This is why the other person that rated this doesn't get good reception. The only good thing about this transaction was that the company I bought them from credited me without even returning them. Very promptly too.they probably realized they were junk too. haha Surprisingly walmart sells a very nice adapter for $20.00. This is cheaper (after shipping) easier, and doesn't have that useless antenna.
0 ||| this book reads like a crummy clive barker rip off with way too much sexual violence for the casual reader. it also loses most of its energy in the last 50 or so pages, and leaves the reader with just itching for it to end. i ws glad when i got through it, but i definitely wouldnt recommend it to anyone.
0 ||| I was disappointed by the size of the rope - barely 3 inch and the plant came with tiny white bugs. I got rid off (hopefully for ever) them with diatomaceous earth - I would never buy such a small plant in a regular store.:-(
0 ||| Tony does make some interesting points (which by the way have nothing to do with time management but life management), but I can buy an entire audiobook for half the price. So 4 stars for "chapter 1", but -3 stars because this is an overpriced teaser for the full $300 set and no disclaimer that's all this is. You do get a discount for converting, but that's more than I care to spend especially after being had.
4 ||| This DVD is something I have been looking for years! I love it I am a beginner and I feel that I have learned a lot with this DVD. It's great because I can learn in the privacy of my own home on my own time and not have to go to a class. I hope they make more of these!!
0 ||| I am stunned at the Amazon ratings for this movie. It makes me question all other ratings. Oh this was horrible! 10 minutes into it I told my wife this is going to suck maybe we should turn it off. We tortured ourselves! If this is what goes for funny I need to start making movies. Kids cussing is only funny the first time for shock value.
4 ||| This tool I purchased because I started to reloading my own ammo and this is the perfect tool to use to measure my ammo. The price was great, and I could not pass it up.
4 ||| Great movie, but the cars are the real stars! A black '55 Chevy & '32 Ford! Just plain cool!
3 ||| 7 months and this baby is ready for the trash. I could accept that from the $1.99 camping can opener. But I'm not gonna pay $12.00 for this thing to rust out in half a year.Problem being the rust builds up on the shaft of the turning gear and slowly works its way through to the divet. We have never put this thing into the washing machine. Very disappointing.As an emergency replacement we got the no name can opener from the grocery store. Cheap, clean, works well.
0 ||| Wm. Turner was Dean of the Sch. of Social Work at U. Penn, where Rank taught in the 1930s. The text is incomplete, seems to be a chapter missing, and a second, complete translation was done recently: Johns Hopkins U. Press, 1998.
3 ||| Keepers was hard to put down. I read it in two days. It held my attention and I remained curious throughout the book as to where we were going. What did all these people have in common?The book was well written. The setting was perfect for the story. I have been to the bluffs, the mounds, the islands and caves of the river. The author did a nice job of taking me from nostalgia all the way to the occult. I loved the mystery and dark secrets of the river.Schulz has a bit of Stephen King lurking about. Are his "keepers" of the same breed as Kings "low men"?If you have been to the river read the book.
3 ||| I can't say much that other reviewers haven't already said. This is a sweet, charming movie with talking farm animals and a decent story. The characters of the animals are pulled off nicely, and if you enjoy films with talking animals, then give this a try!
4 ||| This is a series of books on the extended family of her stories. Each book can stand alone but I collect them all so I can read them as each one happens. Wonderful books.
3 ||| I've come across Coco when I was looking for music by Julio Iglesias on the net. Listened to a duet of them and was astonished by her voice. I did not know who she was so I searched the net and found some Chinese songs of her. A realy great voice (and a nice looking girl too :) ) Now I came across her first English CD and I bought it imediatly. I must say that she can do mutch better then this because althoug I do not understand Chinese, I like some of her Chinese songs more (Stay with me tonight etc.) but this is her first English CD and I think we will here more of her soon. I live in the Netherlands and there is almost no way to find any cd's of Coco here. I hope she makes it all over the world.
3 ||| Ashland is a great little town, i visited there when i was a kid with my grandfather, he really liked the Ashland shakespear festival. the content of the dvd was quite interesting with beautiful footage and great narration. Just like i remember it what a great job. thank you
1 ||| This was a jumping off movie for the future "stars" of America.. . If you think Sara Jessica Parker is tooooo cute for words now, take a gander at her in this movie, she'll give you a cavity, also she's the the same size now and she was then, does she eat at all? Helen Hunt, just change the first letter of her last name and you'll see she was one in training even back then, and the cute as a button, pre-witch, Shannon D. is adorable in this, one of her first movie outings. As for the two guys, the cute one and the nerdy friend, I don't think I've seen either one of them in anything since this movie. Enjoy!
1 ||| I have read practically every Coulter novel written. She is a multi-talented, gifted writer but feel Edge was not up to par. It is the only novel I have never finished. After reading Target, Maze and Cove, I bugged the book store for weeks waiting on Edge. I was really disappointed. The storyline was good but I simply never could get into it. I quit reading right after Ford moved her into his house. Maybe I'll finish it one day. Maybe.
2 ||| Jackie Chan fans should be a bit dissapointed with this film. It has one proper fight sene which is excellent but then Chan goes into prison. If Chan had'nt been in this people would of liked it but it is'nt action packed. Luckily enough it has no f words and the gun shooting is very entertaining but if you are looking for a Chan film with plenty of action try Who Am I or Mr Nice Guy.
2 ||| CONSIDERING KATE was NR at her usual best. A collector of out-of-print Nora Robert's books I have been a fan of The Stanislaski's for years! Getting to revisit them now was fantastic! Kate sure did grow up to be a spunky, well grounded woman and she sure finds her match in Brody. This book left me with my usual grins and sighs, and a little in love with a boy named Jack. Kudos, Nora!!
0 ||| ...This was a bad book for me. I perseverved to the end and regretted doing so. Like someone else wrote, I felt I was missing some sort of inside joke. I have read other works by this writer and enjoyed them; this book disappointed, especially after it received so many glowing write-ups here.
1 ||| I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them, so much so that I have not worn them at all.
1 ||| Sample on you-tube was very good. The one we purchased, the actual one, has a very poor voice quality, can not even hear the alphabets clearly. So we did not use it for the child, had to go out and buy another one by a different manufacturer. This is the 1st LeapFrog educational product that we are totally dissatisfied with.
4 ||| Destiny's Child is the finest female group in the world, they come up eith one catchy hit song after another. There are 4 #1 hits on this album alone. The hit songs on this album are irresistable, you can't help but love how catchy the songs are. The best songs on this album are the #1 hits "Bills, Bills, Bills", "Bug a Boo", "Jumpin Jumpin" and "Say My Name". Other good songs include "So Good", Hey Ladies". While the group has changed significantly since this album, there are now 3 members instead of 4. The vocal talents of this group are amazing. The lead singer Beyonc'e has a phenomenal voice as does 2nd lead singer Kelly Rowland. I love thier music and I look forward to many great things from them in the future
1 ||| Wow how have the mighty fallen, this season is a massive step down from previous seasons. Season 6 was not upto par with the previous seasons but still reasonable however season 7 is a new low and at this rate they are gonna get cancelled.This season truely makes Ted look like a complete loser as he is desperately chasing girls he's already been with and the show's producers run through the ted and robin & barney and robin thing yet again, a sure sign the original ideas are definately drying up.
3 ||| I'm not one who normally likes alternative histories, but this is one of the best, most complex Lackey books I've read in ages. The characters, as always, have depth and humor, and the plot is fascinating -- my one question -- will there be a sequel?One word of caution -- those who have read C.J. Cherryh's Merovingen Nights Series may find many aspects of the plot strangely familiar...
1 ||| I wonder if something is wrong with my DVD player... it seems this film wasn't encoded as anamorphic (to fill my widescreen TV like all other films) but they burned the letterbox onto a 4:3 encode. So I see the picture surrounded by black.Also the soundtrack sounds flat... I read somewhere that you have to enable a 5.1 track but I haven't found that option.I picked this up at a flea sale eager to relive my first experience with this film in a proper theatre many years ago... so far no love! I wonder if I got a non-special edition disc in a special edition box.
2 ||| Gave it as a Christmas gift, so I cannot review the quality of product.Arrived in good time.
0 ||| I got this album after hearing Jorge Ben's great music on Africa Brasil. I checked around and read that this was a good one to get. I've got to say that I was disappointed. It all just sounds a bit off. The singing is slightly out of tune enough to drive you crazy and the music never really takes off like I had read it would. Try Africa Brasil for a real taste of Jorge Ben or Tropicalia 2 if you are looking for Gilberto Gil.
2 ||| The new DeWalt XRP DC9096 batteries have a longer run time then the original DC9099 and use the same charger! Great price at Amazon and I also get points with my Amazon Chase Visa, when Amazon is the seller!
3 ||| When I first saw this game come out I thought that it would be great. Well after purchasing it I found out that it wasn't all that it should be. The graphics on it weren't as good as they looked on the box. Overall gameplay was just plain bad. The game made no sense because you never could keep enough money to keep your airport open. I felt that this was just plain bad, but would recommend it to play because it is fun to look at.
0 ||| Fukuyama misunderstands history in a way that is not entirely his own. One need only leaf through the pages of Hegel to find such unfounded optimism.As a scholar, I recently took a look at what would be the continuation of Fukuyama's statistical work. That is, the growth of democracy, and it's funny how that growth has been curbed in the past 10 years or so. Time will show this book to be Fukuyama's Folly!
0 ||| This was a very disappointing album when released and it hasn't grown in stature over the last 20 years for me. "Red Rain" gets the album off to an incredible start and really faked me out. Metallic percussion returns and adds a high end back to the sound. "Sledgehammer" is okay for a hit single, but weak for Gabriel. His vocals don't fit with soul music at all. "Don't Give Up" is an interminable Kate Bush duet that in no way justifies it's 6:30 length! The only other A-class material here is the superb "In Your Eyes." It is such a strong song it makes me flabbergasted to think that the awful Roseanna Arquette is the inspiration for it! The rest doesn't merit much discussion one way or another. This was the last Peter Gabriel solo album I'd bother to buy.
1 ||| I purchased this dictionary for a man in his late 40's who was learning to read for the first time. He liked it because it was simple, gave clear, brief definitions, and was lightweight, thus easy to carry about with his other books. It would not have been very useful to me or, in my opinion, to any other fully educated person because of its simplicity; however, it seemed to meet his needs at that time.
4 ||| The Hobbit is a wonderful book. After reading this book I fell back into reading all books. This book sends off a message of adventure. I encourage everyone o read this book!!!!!
4 ||| I thought this book was a very good book. It had elements of fantasy, but it also delt with survival. I liked many of the characters and their personalities. The events were interesting, but the book was sort of slow between them. The ending was ok, but I think that the author needed to elaborate more on what happened when he first returned. There was nothing about his parent's reaction. Overall, I think I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes adventure.
0 ||| I'm not happy with this book at all. I'm not a scientist outside of the field of information technology and I want something to explain Einstein's theories that I could read. I read such a book when I was young. It's out of print, but you can purchase it on Amazon used. It's entitled "Relativity: The Special and the General Theory--A Clear Explanation that Anyone Can Understand" by Albert Einstein.That did it for me, this book put me to sleep.
0 ||| Steinbeck had a wonderful ability to describe, but describing isn't enough unless one has something to describe that directs the story. Story? What story? Few of the "chapters" seemed to flow from or into the previous or following one. Example: what on earth was the point of the French physician embalming, and throwing away the liver ane entrails? Would someone fit that in for me?
4 ||| When shopping for a whisk last year I was tempted to get a somewhat cheaper one, until my husband pointed out that this one was particularly well-made, and the ferrule joined seamlessly with the wires -- which meant no food residue trapped inside, easier cleaning and no rusting. Trust me, not all whisks have wires sealed in at the base!Well, he was right. The contoured, easy-grip handle is a bonus. This whisk is so stury, I doubt I will ever have to buy another. It's also a good medium size, versatile for eggs and everything else I've ever needed a whisk for. Perfect!
3 ||| This CD may be OK; I didn't bother to listen to it.Nowhere in the description here did it mention that it's a live recording done in Atlanta Georga in 1980. It says that on the sleeve of the CD though. I wanted the original recordings that I know and love; not a concert "live" recording that isn't anywhere near what I was expecting. Why was this omitted from the description?All is not lost however. I took the sleeves out, and threw the CD in the trash along with them, so now I have a wonderful (but expensive) extra blank case to put a CD in that features music I want to hear because it's original, done in a proper studio, and up to par soundwise.Slogging this dog off as genuine recordings is reprehensible, and I suspect I'm not the only one to get the wrong end of this particular stick, according to the sales ranking Amazon posted regarding this item.
4 ||| I am going to keep this review brief, but if you are on the fence about buying this stop thinking and do. It's one of the most poetic and musical film(s). Although the films are short they are dense and pack just as much of a punch than any full length film. Definitely worth it.
1 ||| Jordan started off this series with a bang. Now it seems like he is slowing everything down. Everything seems to be a repeat. Rand never seems to be very forward on what his plans are. This book started to really confuse me on where Jordan was going with this series.
3 ||| I think this is one of the best books on FE. It is written from the point of view of an engineer and avoids unnecessary mathematics. The concepts are explained very clearly and there is a fair number of solved examples in each chapter.
4 ||| I had forgotten how well-written this book was. Nice use of foreshadowing. Very evocative descriptions of nature. And Bilbo was much smarter and helpful than I had remembered. People sometimes think of hobbits as comic characters, but they are really "Everyman" and Tolkien obviously wanted their virtues to be emulated. A book enjoyable by both children and adults.
2 ||| Director Wes Craven and his cast star as themselfs in this wicked spin on the horror genre.Key players from eariier NOES installments are terrorized by Freddy Krueger and his razor fingered glove as he crosses over into their offscreen lives.It's a life imitating art twist thats ghoulishly fun.Rated R for language violence and gore.
1 ||| To be kind , this is not, by very far, Jackie's best movie. First: Jackie appears in the movie for less than ten minutes. Second : fights are not as good as his average movie.Third the story could have been developed better. Fourth , the quality of the image is quite low . To finish , the end of the movie is quite sad , like the whole movie, where there's no trace of Jackie's humor.
1 ||| I did find this book informative but it is not for the beginner. I felt a nice step by step guide would have been better and it was confusing as tips on how to do this and that were scattered in the book. I had to jump back and forth to find the answers to questions I had. Diagrams were also not clear.
4 ||| this is a great film. it is a 80 s classic. it is only a shame that this is a r rated version of the movie. the dvd is also excellent with some nice extras.
0 ||| Wait for the patch. This game has far too many bugs, very disappointing. But it is otherwise a cool game. You can manage everything in your airport. I like how you can negotiate contracts with businesses to place things like fast food joints in your terminal. I'm waiting to find a patch (something you can download that will fix the bugs) for this game so i can finally enjoy it.
4 ||| This is the most amazing book I've ever read. I went to France for the sole purpose of learning french so that I could read this book. However, this is the worst and most disappointing translation I have ever seen. It has been re-written and re-authored in a postmodernist discourse that is untrue to the text. If you want to understand, read, and love Fanon, buy an earlier edition!!!
2 ||| Received our Land Before Time - Journey to big Water Today and item arrived in condition described and in a timely manner.
2 ||| Unlike previous Yu-Gi-Oh games, this one is more than just duels. It also is about schools! You've got the normal battling to earn points to build decks. But, you also have monthly exam days that consist of written exams (10 multiple choice questions out of a large number of possible questions) about the cards themselves, a timed duel where you have to win with the cards in the setup in a set amount of time, and then a practical exam using a deck and having to perform the specified actions for the exam (play traps, play spells, do fusions, do rituals, do direct damage, etc.). This game requires a lot of knowledge of the card game over all.The rating drops from 4 to 3 stars for me because it is a pain to complete the packs. Also, if you fail your exams, you go back down to the loser dorms and have to work your way back up again.A good game though.
1 ||| I searched for months for the right speakers at the right price. These are it. (You can get them cheaper elsewhere).The JBL S38 speakers are perfect for home theater, with warm mids, decent bass and crisp highs. I'm still looking for some decent stands, though. They are large for bookshelf speakers, and not light. Get the beech. They are more attractive, which is especially important if you have a wife.Ideally, I will add a JBL PB12 subwoofer at some point, but movies sound great even without a subwoofer with these babies.One warning: JBL does not honor its 5-year warranty unless bought through an AUTHORIZED online dealer. I learned this the hard way when one of the speakers' woofers blew after a few months. Also, make sure you have good quality cables (I use 12-gauge).You can check them out at Best Buy, by the way. They sound twice as good as the cheap speakers from Sony or Bose.
0 ||| When I first got this set and tried it out, it leaked badly, then just came undone by itself. Try after try, you need to insert the male section, then press the black ring down which didn't seem to want to stay. I tried adding another washer to the male end and it seems to be working now...however, there really isn't a positive click to get it in. ...on the other hand, I don't think that other brands that are quick connect do any better. This used to be a good company, but their quality seems to have diminished somewhat.
0 ||| the only reason for anyone to ever read this is for school word as it has no content to the book as well as the book is just about a bunch of kids turning into sick bastards which again makes me.... sick?
2 ||| Brokaw makes a good point, but it's delivered, in spots, rather tediously. There are better books out there about World War II, by professional historians, and by World War II participants (try BAT BOMB for a TOTALLY unique memoir of World War II. World War II buffs who don't know BAT BOMB, are like biblical scholars who don't know about Noah's Ark. And that is only a slight exaggeration.)
0 ||| Embarrassingly enough, I had this taped off the TV, many years ago, and I watched it religiously. I also had on that tape this random cartoon about what Father Christmas did the other 364 days of the year. Happy memories!But getting this on DVD, and staying up late to watch it (something I would never have been allowed to do all those years ago), I just didn't enjoy it as much. I don't remember much of the ending, cos I ended up texting a friend on my phone. And this is one of the few Disney movies which has terrible animation. Even the characters - and the character voices incidentally - are directly lifted from other Disney classics. Look out for Little John, who's basically Baloo with clothes on and he's voiced by the exact same actor!The storyline's pretty basic, and I'm pretty disappointed. I'm still giving it three stars, because of the happy memories I had of it, but it's just not as good now as it was then. What a shame.
0 ||| I think my title says it all, but I'll add a few reasons why. Bad writing, unappealing characters with no characterization at all (actually, that's a bit of a feat - how did Woods manage that?)trite dialogue, idiotic plot. Need I say more? I guess I'm especially bitter because I was trapped on a five hour flight, had already seen the movie being shown and all I had to read was this book. I wanted to parachute out of the plane. I see that used copies of this book are available for one cent. Save your penny.
3 ||| If you like early Mark Harmon, then it is worth the time. Otherwise, it is a made for TV style situation comedy. There are some embarrassing moments and a heart-warming ending.
0 ||| Oh the JOY of reading Doctor Dolittle books! This is a great one. How can it be no publisher(s) have reprinted all the books including the zoo, the moon, the garden, the post office, puddleby adventures etc.?? Are they mad? These books are timeless stories that appeal to animal lovers everywhere!
1 ||| The best thing I found in this book is the picture on the cover. Well, actually the uncropped version in chapter 5. Beyond that, I found everything else to be non-practical from a design perspective. A photo of a filthy dust collector area when discussing the advantages of central collection or electrical wiring that would never pass inspection is typical. I'd rather see plan views of real shops that work with reasons for the decisions made.
3 ||| I purchased this CD as a Christmas gift for a friend who is a big Shirley Caesar fan. She is very pleased with the music. I bought one for me, as well. Haven't listened to my copy yet, but I liked the songs I heard when I previewed the CD prior to purchase.
1 ||| The main problem is that he forgets about Casca. His history seems probable, but I buy these books for excitement and escape, not lessons. His battles are about as interesting as watching ice freeze and I really wanted this to work. I have re-read every BS Casca book several times and wanted something new. If PD writes a new book, I will give him one more try, but if he doesn't improve - no more.
1 ||| Giant killer worms? It's better than it sounds. It never takes itself too seriously and maintains interest by posing a series of problems that the characters solve intelligently. I think this film accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do--entertain with a clever script about people who react to the unbelievable in a believable way.
0 ||| The title of this DVD is misleading. Of the eight cartoons, only the first five are Betty Boop. The other three are irrelevant. The quality of the picture is poor.
0 ||| Ok, I did not have the greatest expectations for this product. i did not expect a pefect color match( which it wasn't) I was however hoping it would last. I bought this to fill in a couple bare spots that was left from when they put in my new septic tanks. I followed directions. The grass came in pretty quick, but died out after only a couple months. Of course this is my experience. I don't have the greatest growing environment(a bit sandy), but they do advertise a hardy fast growing easy seeding product. I did spend time prepping and watering with limited disappointing success. If next year it comes back stronger? I will update my post.
3 ||| Good story, it was a bit slow at first- but altogether it was good. The story is a bit confusing at first, but it's easy to see that this book is not for people under 15 atleast. With the explict content and the artwork I was wondering myself why I bought it, but everything played out in the end. Very cute ending, its a must read, if you can take it that is. :)
0 ||| I've owned this radio for less than a year and in that year I have replaced the batteries twice,now the radio won't play unless I jump start it plugged in, after that it will work several hours unplugged but whenever I turn it off I again have to jump start it.While removing the battery one of the two fragile screws snapped off.Another problem is terrible reception,mostly static.I called Tivoli and was told they will repair it for $50.00.So you can make up your own mind whether this expensive radio is really worth it or not.I registered it immediately after I recieved it and Tivoli will not fix it without a receipt, Does anyone keep a receipt that long?Total cost $200 for the radio, over $50.00 for batteries, and now another $50.00 for repairs plus the shipping charges.I have only taken it out of my house one time and the rest of the time it stays on my desk plugged in.I personally will never buy another Tivoli product.
2 ||| American Pie 2 starts out about a year after the original American Pie ended. Jim, Kevin, Finch, Stifler, and Oz have all returned home for the summer after finishing their first year of college. They don't really have a good place to party, so they decide to rent a summerhouse on the beach, and decide to cap off the end of summer with a huge bash.Most of the cast from the original returns. While there aren't too many jokes here we haven't already seen, but the movie itself is pretty entertaining. Highlights include the lesbian scene, and Jim's superglue incident.
4 ||| In the 1950s, George Wallington was one of the best bop pianists in the Bud Powell tradition. Wallington led a number of excellent groups, including this quintet which included Donald Byrd (trumpet), Phil Woods (alto), Teddy Kotick (bass) and Art Taylor (drums). Good early hard bop and straightforward blowing by all. Highly recommended. Wallington disappeared from the jazz scene in 1957, to return in the 1980s with a few solo albums before passing away in 1993.
4 ||| I found this book to provide a sound basic understanding of the ins and outs of Project Management. I particularly liked the "Tips" and the checklists. I would recommend this book for those who need to gain insight into the details of Project Management.
2 ||| O Pioneers! is basically a book of what some call technicalities. Alexandra, who is in charge of the Bergson family, really seems to imply that she is only doing all the things for her family, but yet I see it as an escape for herself. She becomes this way when Carl says he is leaving. Alexandra does not want to be alone, therefore she tells her family about buying more land in other towns to make money, when really I believe she is looking for someone to compress her loneliness and satisfy her desires.
3 ||| I researched the internet and read all the Amazon reviews, and decided to add the Mr. Coffee warmer to my wishlist. My sister bought it for me and I've been using it for less than a week so far. I have to say that I think it preforms quite well. I have not tried putting a room temp or cold beverage on it yet, but will since it may just be strong enough. The less liquid in your mug, the hotter it gets and stays. The first time I used it, there was a melting or burning plastic smell, but this is to be expected and never occured again. This one does not come with a mug which I was dissapointed about, but my "the Office" mug works just fine. I might suggest using it with a mug that has a top or cover since this would maintain heat even better. The black color blends in with my desk and it's quite small as not to be an eye-sore. I'd reccommend this item, and it's saving me time and money since I'm not dumping cold coffee and buying more anymore.
1 ||| This book was selected by NY Times as a notable book of the year. The NY Times, indeed, knew what's up. More than any other, Born to Rebel belonged to the year in which it was published; it didn't take long at all for it to be forgotten--as soon as the next year arrived it became a historical document. A classic? Stunning? Masterful? Why is its reputation in rapid decline? Sulloway writes books which don't even pass the 2-year test. Surely this is a perfect example of how vulnerable "contemporary" reputation is.
3 ||| This is a great little book for any young miss who hates for you to talk to her about manners. The catchy drawings, hiliarous names and 'girl-chat' manner in which the material is presented makes it fun to read ;the letters and questions from real girls give it a personal feel. The manners quizzes are fun and will definitely let you know if your young miss does,indeed, know it all. This is Emily Post and Miss Manners with a sense of humor.It is well worth the price and a welcome addition to my child's growing library.
1 ||| As others have noticed, the left and right side have different sound qualities. I didn`t find any loose cable, plug malfunction or even a weak battery associated to this problem. It was happening more often in the first day. For some reason, I haven`t noticed it lately. I think it could be something related to the power button. It feels flimsy, but really not sure if that is the cause.
3 ||| A lot of words defined here, but still not complete. Mine is the 2003 V3.0 version and it does finally include "internet" -- but don't bother looking for "blog" as it is not there. Could the etymologies and histories be more complete? Yes. Other criticisms I read of this CD are also on the mark, as, for example, the absence of many of the print-version illustrations.There are a lot of search options that could be helpful. One of these claims to find homophones (homonyms). This version will find neither "bow" for "bough" nor "ruff" for "rough".Still a useful item for many purposes, but complete or unabridged it's not.
4 ||| I have all 4 season of That Girl. I am a huge fan. To give my rating you have to undrstand how I got there. I have seen seasons 1-3 about 6 times each since I first purchased them.Season 4 I have only seen once. I didnt want to see the episode again. That is highly unusal for me. It is not bad.. It's that I found the episode too silly and not written as good as the other seasons.However, I am a fan always and will purchase any future That Girl dvd's
4 ||| I love this CD. Kevin goes deep into tribal funk techno by way of Detroit, and comes out the end with some of his own more banging tracks. Overall, a very satisfying mix. This mix suffers none of the quality issues with some of the DJ Kicks mixes by other Detroit artists, it is well-mixed and well-produced.I bought this disc about five years ago and still listen to it often. I'm a huge fan of Detroit techno, and this is the best mix I have.
4 ||| Probably one of the best ever WWII naval novels. The writing made you feel you were part of the crew, living with characters like Valerie and the Kapok Kid. Not only the crew but you felt you were part of the ship and all that happened to her. A book you couldn't put down nor one you wanted to put down.
2 ||| The book deals with some fundemental environmental problemms of past and present societies. The title however is misleading because most of the book is dealing simply with environmental problems of cultures that did not collapse, and it is not well connected to the first part, where collapsing societies are discussed. While the chapters on Easter island, the Anasazzi and Greenland are convincing and well researched and written, the others, especially the Maya, are surprisingly lacking in detail and rigour.The second part reads like a shopping list of environmental problems and as such, even though it is accurate and important, is boring and irrelevant to the questions of collapse.All in all one of Diamond's weaker efforts
4 ||| I first read this in the Eighth Grade. I loved it then, and it has only gotten better with age. It reads well, and keeps you interested from the very first chapter. The Characters are intriguing and develop well as the story progresses. The author's description of scenery and characters is outstanding, though sometimes it does get a little long, the story line will keep you hooked up until the very end. I cannot wait to re-read Eldest, and read for the first time the last two books.
1 ||| This pouch takes any size of safety glasses, with side bellows and adjustable velco closure. Completely padded on the inside, your glasses will never get scratched. I don't use the belt clip, instead I push it onto one of the outside pockets of my tool bag. The stainless steel clip is so deep and so strong, it doesn't get pushed off like my tape measure which is constantly getting left behind. It looks great, too; matches my Pro GateMouth bag. The negatives - If you use small (prescription?) safety glass, the pouch is way too big, and I think [the price] is too expensive.
3 ||| Don't get me wrong. I liked this movie. Ben Stiller was awesome! I loved the way all of the camera angles made him look like a little man with expected little-man-syndrome. But, it really came across like a third-rate rip-off of KingPin.There's nothing particularly clever or new here. Go ahead and screen this movie at your party. It will get a lot of laughs. But this is certainly no classic. After seeing Stiller's "Envy," I thought that this would be a big step up. But it really wasn't. This movie really just seems to go through the motions of every recent silly sports flick.High-lights include: Stiller's character (and various antics), the Lance Armstrong scene, the phony historical training videos, the romance between one of "Average Joe's" players and the "Russian" super dodgeball player, etc.Like I said, I liked it. But it was a let down. This one will not go into my DVD library.
1 ||| My 4-year old daughter got this for her birthday and was so delighted...for a few days. She hasn't played with it since. She has a Cinderella fashion head that she plays with much more often, because she can actually brush her hair- this Barbie one is all about the curlin', and that didn't hold her attention long enough!
3 ||| this is a very interested book a couple of my friends have this book. it is very well written and easy to read.how do i go about purchasing this book.please email me an answer.
2 ||| This second release from The Vibe Tribe really shows a band headed in the right direction. The various influences of blues, rock and funk blend together to form a unique sound all their own. Particular notice must go to the song, "Press On." A gentle, loping track carried along by the incredible music and positive lyrics.
0 ||| I feel lucky if I can run the program for 15 minutes without it locking up on my XP machine. I bought it for the feature of being able to do things like a newsletter, and save it as a webpage, which works slick. But, the program hangs a lot, runs slow, and behaves strangely. One example, I added a 2nd page to my newsletter project, but it would not allow me to add anything (not even a text box) to the 2nd page. Not worth the money at all.
2 ||| CARRIE is an absolute classic. It was the secound book by King that I ever read and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I passed my information on to my good friends, who devoured it in a few days, and went on and on about it when they finished it. Carrie White is a seemingly innocent schoolgirl who is constantly tormented by her cruel peers and her strange mother. Carrie holds a power inside her that comes purely from anger and hate. Her mother, Margaret White, has a very strange view of Christianity...forcing Carrie to go into a small closet and pray for forgiveness after events as innocent and simple as her first period. Carrie finally gets a break when Tommy Ross asks her to go to the Prom. Little does she know that her hateful classmates are planning a surprise for her.
3 ||| Well, I was forced to read 1984 for my english class in high school, and welp, it bored the hell out of me. Though, I'd have to say everything about it is indeed overwhelming and too much to take in at the same time. Perhaps if i was 30 years old or something, i would have liked it more. I dunno, it just didn't appeal to me all that much. I understand the point of the novel, the fear of governments taking over unjustly, but man, what's with the details! Gooood.....anyway, i do reccommend the book because behind everything, the premise is something to think about...
4 ||| This is a perfect DVD player for all but the most dedicated home theatre aficionados. It has the cool features plus great quality at a great price.
0 ||| Nora Roberts is a wonderful author. I cannot believe she allowed this narrator to read her best story yet. She reads in a hurried raspy monotone with no change in voice between characters. I have to keep rewinding to figure out who is talking. Couldn't stand it...bought the book--great book, terrible audio.
1 ||| The large cashews would get a 5, but there are filler chopped cashews that are not great.
0 ||| I thought this would have more complete songs--like U2's Rattle and Hum or Styx's Return to Paradise. Instead it is a documentary with short clips of Jimi performing. Disappointing...
0 ||| The annotation style if this edition ruins it. Putting the definitions of words in line with the text, rather than as footnotes or end notes, disrupts the flow of reading. It quickly gets confusing as to what is original text and what is editorial comment. I'm off to find another edition only partway into the first poem.
4 ||| I just got this cd and I absolutely love it. Steven has done some great song writing on this one. This album has some songs that could easily be done in a worship setting and stuff that's just really great to listen to.
4 ||| What a great album. Eric has re-invented himself. The title says it all. Eric goes thru a total transformation here, no longer the screamin Geordie, but a more introspective Eric. He's letting the music speak for him. This album was put out in 1967, right around the time of Sgt. Peppers. Eric could have shelved it in fear like Brian Wilson did with the Beach Boys newest album, but this album is just as good as Sgt. More into psychodelia, but still mixed in with some blues, Gregorian chant, and a rousing tribute to his new close friend ,Jimi Hendrix. He gives tributes to his musical idols, and at the same time introduces us to some very impressive new visions. Check out Man Woman, and tell me this guy cant sing all types of music in one album, and pull it off perfectly.
0 ||| I have just finished reading Sister Carrie, and until the very last pages I was constantly trying to wipe the sleep out of my eyes! If there has ever been an overrated writer Dreiser is him! Constantly trying to add more details than are needed for a complete understanding of the characters' lives, Dreiser attempts to trap us in their minds--and that is not a place you will want to be. Instead of making us enjoy the characters and feel sorry for them, he makes us wish them to die suddenly on the next page! What an upset!
2 ||| good, solid musicianship... on SPACE TRUCKIN', Ian changes gears mid way through the song and the contrast in style actually sounds like two different drummers... this is 2nd copy I have, not including the original double album vinyl
4 ||| This imaginative 1932 chiller remains a Universal classic. Thanks to Karl Freund's atmospheric direction, "The Mummy" is a superior Egyptian-styled reworking of "Dracula" (1931). Boris Karloff delivers a masterful performance in the title role - enhanced by Jack Pierce's brilliant makeup. Unlike its numerous sequels and remakes, "The Mummy" endures as a subtle masterpiece of romantic horror.
4 ||| This movie was so moving and really opened my eyes to a wonderful culture. I am an interpreter for the deaf/hh in a small town in Wyoming. There is very little Deaf culture to be found here so this wonderful documentary was a joy to watch. I learned so much and the information given in the film sparked new conversation within my family and with my colleagues. 5 stars!!!
0 ||| A very disappointing sequel to a great Hong Kong film. A change in directors pretty much explains what happened--there is none of the creativity and originality of the first movie. Perhaps as important, Brigitte Lin and Leslie Cheung are completely misused in this film. The Lin character has become a caricature, and Cheung only appears briefly (and his only significant appearance is at the end of the film). Without the romantic sparks between these two, and missing the imagination of Director Yu, this plays out as a very tired sequel. However, a Brigitte Lin move will always be worth at least three stars to me; I also thought the Christy Chung character was amusing. The DVD version is a good transfer, the subtitles legible, and a lot of language choices. Still, one can't help but be let down after the superb first movie, which really deserved a sequel--it should have been made by Dirctor Yu, however, and used the stars that helped make the first film so compelling.
2 ||| I was a senior at Queens college when the album hit. Anybody who was anybody had this album and played it as much as time and school allowed. It was THE JAM and me and my friends knew the lyrics word by word. Played it and sanged it every chance we got. Talking 'bout something for the people? "ALL N ALL" was all that and bags of chips!
4 ||| Published in 1917 and based on the author's expereince on Capri, this rather long winded novel failed to interest apart from the occasional witty observation. Very little plot and characters that are observed well but with little meaningful or interesting interaction between them. Some people will definitely be amused by some of the eccentric characters but at over 400 pages long this alone is not sufficient to maintain interest. The murder on page 360 was after a long slog. Read it if social history about foreigners living on a small island circa 1900 in the mediterranean (the fictitious island of Nepenthe in the book) is your special interest. However, I suggest reading Compton Mackenzie's "Vestal Fire" which I found a much more amusing insight to expatriate life on Capri.
3 ||| My four year old son will sit and watch this even though he insists he does not want to learn Chinese and prefers to watch cartoons. It moves pretty slowly, but it does have entertaining features, such as real animal photos, funny masks, and video of kids playing on the beach. The speakers are not native, but they seem to be taking care to speak clearly and use correct inflections. There is a decent amount of repetition. Even though my son refuses to repeat any of the words, I think it is training his ear to pick up Chinese more easily later. I find the pin ying subtitles helpful and wish they were provided throughout, instead of just the first time each word is introduced and during the recap at the end.
3 ||| Two copies of this disc, both from amazon.com, have an error in exactly the same location. The error, a 2-3 second pause, occurs right after the reactor "explosion" when Sam Neil's character manhandles another character for mumuring that "ramius will get us all killed". i must agree with the other postings - the quality of this disc is awful. shame on paramount for releasing it. its one of the finest action movies ever made; a great story told very well with awesome visuals. but the low quality of the transfer takes away from all of that.
0 ||| Basically, Montag, a firefighter from the "future", burns down houses that have books inside. In the "future", books are banned, and Bradbury tries to describe a world of the "future" with big screen, color TVs. Too bad, Bradbury, that this world is already here.It was mostly a boring read, except for a few moments. You could describe this book as depressing. Everyone, even Montag, seems to be unhappy, and I really don't care what Bradbury has to think about how depressing our world is becoming.
1 ||| The Bottom Line:When it's at its best Dreamgirls is an aggessive and engaging musical, but too often it slides into slow scenes and uninteresting songs (We are a family/like a shining tree) while focusing on characters like Curtis (played by a thoroughly bored looking Jamie Foxx) that the audience doesn't care as much about; Dreamgirls is a mixed bag but I suggest you pass.
2 ||| Sin duda es una de las mejores novelas que jams se han escrito.En ella se puede encontrar un relato sobre las guerrasnapolenicas y la participacin de Rusia en ellas, pero tambinun retrato de la vida de la alta sociedad rusa de la poca. Estassituaciones tan diversas estn narradas con una gran viveza.Aprovechando el trasfondo histrico de la novela, Tolstoi nosproporciona tambin sus visiones sobre la Historia yel papel que los hombres representan en ella. Estas impresionesno rompen la narracin, sino que la complementan de formamagistral.El gran volumen de la novela puede asustar a algunos lectores,pero en el caso de esta novela merece la pena: cada pgina selee con verdadero placer.
0 ||| These diapers have a weird high-cut fit, and our 2 1/2 year old has peed through them ENORMOUSLY both of the first two nights he wore them. Wet down to his feet. They just don't seem to have enough absorbency for the job.
0 ||| I just read L through P in one week. L through O were well told, light, funny, witty and worth the dollars I paid for each of them at the used book store. But P is for Peril marks the first book by Grafton at her new publisher. Grafton evidently forgot to cart along her former editor, who was largely responsible for Kinsey's quirky voice and character.In P is for Peril, Kinsey has lost her voice completely. Grafton has drafted someone new to fill the vast void the last editor filled so well. The voice is now serious, stilted and silly at best.The old Milhone is sorely missed, having died in O. O is for Oh, my, goodness, please bring back Kinsey!P is for Presposterous!Sue evidently has followed the old Lawrence Sanders suit (he had some flunky named Vincent write drivel in Sanders' name) and left the writing to some underling whose voice in no way mirrors Grafton's witty, light and clever one.Goodbye, Sue. You lost a once-dedicated fan....
0 ||| I'm a big fan of Ms. Files and have read and enjoyed all of her previous novels. However, in "Tastes Like Chicken", I couldn't connect with the characters. The storyline was somewhat silly.
1 ||| The Butlerian Jihad is not a worthwhile book within the Dune series. It takes away the magic of several of Dune's institutions by bringing a corny, trite story that is more suitable for a cheap soap opera than a prelude to the great Dune books. The previous trilogy by Frank Herbert's son had been very good, however I really do not know what went wrong on this one. The language is ghastly (trite phrases like "a silence that could speak volumes"), or very corny descriptons of a weak love story, weak plot and weak story line.
3 ||| From this video, my son (almost 2 1/2) can tell me the letters when i point them out as well as make their sound. i never got these results using flashcards or even the alphabet card to his leap pad. he absolutely loves watching the "letter show." he just got the words factory and is hooked on it, too.
2 ||| i dissagree with the first reviewer. i have been listening to this band since there first debut forever scorned and what made this band so great was the sound of metalcore like you never heard it before with excellent breakdowns killer riffs and vocals that not anyone can produce in the metalcore genre. and they just threw it away to be a teeny booper band. i gave them 3 stars because the album as a pop metal cd was a decent effort but a bad idead because the singer live sounds like steve erkle when he sing sings.
2 ||| This is not a bad DVD.. it actually has 3 decent workouts... BUT the reason I'm giving it only two stars is because I felt very misled by it... The title Precision Pilates would obviously lead the buyer to assume it is a purely "pilates" workout. There is not one exercise here that is in the Pilates matwork routine. The moves are all Yoga based with a Pliates influence.I bought this DVD as a supplement to the Pilates book by Brooke Siler... and was highly disappointed.. ! I would definitley watch this DVD before purchasing it, if possible.. it may provide you with a good workout.. but if its true Pilates matwork exercises you are looking for.. that is NOT what you will find here...
4 ||| This book has helped me in my independent study of slavery and family research. It gives a very good insight from the slaves perspective. Other books I have read, the insight comes from the owners prospective. A companion book to this one is "Tewlve Years a Slave" by Solomon Northup.
3 ||| Is it that hard to find good vocalist? This guys sucks donkey balls, plus all this hype went into this cd but it's one boring cd with 3/4 unecessary intro's. You want good heavy album that does stand out get SOULFLY "Dark Ages".
2 ||| What a thrill to see the Eagles Farewell 1 tour in Australia. The special that they showed on NBC a couple of years ago did not include them doing Tequila Sunrise, but of course it is on the DVD and wonderful! The only thing I missed was the commentary between songs.
0 ||| Pampers or swaddlers all equally good. Swaddlers comes with additional box packing, such a waste on environment. I like it better because it comes without additional box packing
0 ||| If you prefer a story with depth, or clever turns of phrase, or any substance whatsoever, please don't waste your time or money on this one. Even my teenage daughter found it boring and too unbelievable to enjoy.
4 ||| X-CLAN represents a height in hip hop. In their music they created worlds, mythologies, languages. I cannot think of another artist in the genre who's voice is so much like a musical instrument as that of Brother J. His poetry, the way he rides the rhythm, the power in his inflections are unparalleled in hip hop. I heard about this record when it came out but only recently purchased a used copy. I cannot overstate the mind boggling genius of this album. The beats here are sicker than ANYTHING you've heard on the radio today or even in the past decade. The rhymes Brother J. slams you with are like pyramids compared to the house-of-cards disposability of todays so called "talents." If you are a true hip hop lover, and not just some trend-following, party-music lovin' dope head, I cannot recommend the DARK SUN RIDERS enough. This record was made over ten years ago, but I swear to you, nothing can touch this. Come diddy dum...It's time to build!
2 ||| Pat, Pat, Pat! I know life hasn't been a barrel of laughs lately but does Kay Scarpetta have to suffer as well? Not to mention your readers! We are constantly having Kay and Lucy's insight/ brilliance praised to the skies, don't they have any personal resources? Or doctors?I'm almost too bored by all this emotional self-gratification to ask - How did those fires get so hot? Maybe Scarpetta's personal black cloud obscured my view when I read that bit!As for you-know-who's demise --- better dead than stuck with that self-involved woman.Sorry Pat, cheer up! I'm willing to give you another try. I've enjoyed your books in the past. Could Kay and Lucy please have some fun? Could we also have some new crimes committed by people we haven't already met? If the obvious sequel to Point comes into being, could you please explain the fires- I lie awake for minutes each night.....just wondering.
0 ||| Despite what others would have me believe, I do not remember chuckling, much less laughing, at any moment while reading this book. I just kept patiently waiting for a story, or even a point, to surface, but after finishing the Epilogue I didn't find either.
2 ||| Fred Ward returns as handyman Earl Bassett, and has just been hired to kill another batch of graboids in a Mexican oil refinery. Everything runs smoothly, until they mutate. Direct-to-video sequel is much better than you might think, with good special effects, good performances (nice chemistry between Ward and Helen Shaver), and a good sense of mindless fun. It takes too long to actually get going (A good 60 minutes before the mutation occurs) but once it does, the last half-hour approaches the same exciting thrills and big laughs the original generated.*** 1/2 out of *****
2 ||| I am new to the world of electric guitars, but have been playing acustic for a couple of years now. So I bought a new Fender Stratocaster, and this amp. All I can say is holy crap this thing is awesome. I don't even know what 3/4 of the little knobs do, all I know is that I can spend hours a day messing around and creating totally crazy sounds. And this thing is LOUD, I've only had the balls to turn it a little past 1/2 way....when I did this I tried playing and talking to my wife and it was useless, she couldn't hear a word I was saying. I can't imagine 3/4 volume or all the way power. Since I don't have any experience with effect pedals I really can't comment on how the built in effects measure up, but to a rookie they sound pretty cool. I'm not sure I will ever understand all of the features or how to use them like a professional, but that's why I bought this amp cause I figured it would be hard to grow out of for a casual player with no aspirations of performing in public.
3 ||| I enjoyed the book itself, but the prologue is one of the best pieces of writing I've ever encountered. Loved the punchline! If you want to read a satisfying and plausible account of how Florentyna becomes the first woman President, you'll enjoy this book, but be sure to read the prologue!
1 ||| I read Clan of the Cave bear when I was 13 years old. I have read each book as it has come out. I will be 35 next month. It is a long time to stay with a series. I was afraid that after so long that I would have no more interest, but it caught me right back up again. I am glad that she mentions things from the older books. It would be hard to go back and read them all again, and I had forgotten a lot. It was nice to have my memory jogged again. I look at this book more as a set up for the last one. She has never before left a book so open ended. I think it would be bad for someone to read this without reading the first four in order.
4 ||| Rev. Laurie Sue married my husband and I on September 5, 2001 in Central Park. I knew she was an amazing woman the first time I met her. Much of what is in this book she told my hubby and I during our pre-ceremony meeting. The wedding ceremony she performed for us was as beautiful as anything I could've imagined. We were relaxed and truly enjoyed OUR day. Laurie Sue focused on the connection between my hubby and I. It made us feel empowered and strong. Having Laurie Sue marry us cemented the already strong bond we share. This book is very important to all brides. The focus of a wedding should be on the love and commitment between the bride and groom. Stress should be at a minimum. Laurie Sue's book gives great advice on keeping the priorities straight. I highly recommend this book!
3 ||| I've followed The Coconutheads since the early nineties as they've performed throughout south Florida. Their live performance would make a great album too! Val and Greg have a have an almost telepathic connection on stage... their saxophonist (Nicky, I think) is outrageous, mixing in jazzy, moody tones with great skill. The band has had some personnel changes, but the core members have stayed intact, although I miss the live drummer.
0 ||| This set pretty much sucks.The lamest collection of songs from the '90's that you're ever gonna hear, sounding like they were taken from 3rd generation sources.On top of that, the book inside features various wankers who try to sound glib and ironic, but still end up sounding like they should be writing for a Time-Life collection (with the exception of the Sub Pop founder).On top of it all, and this really gets me, the material describing the events of the decade in a timeline format, on top of being generally lame, is written AND edited as if by a non-native English speaker, which a) makes it hard to read, and b) contributes to a general feeling of shoddiness. Not what you want from a hundred-dollar investment, is it?I'm really surprised at Rhino; I'm usually a big fan of their collections. Avoid this one.
0 ||| I bought these Cooking Spoons, part because of the Reviews and part because of the nice dark blue color which is the color in my Kitchen. I can always tell when it takes a while to receive an Item,..... something has gone wrong. I got them few days ago and they are both a different shade of light blue, nothing like the color posted on the website, they are NOT even the same color both, ...go Figure! They seem very strong but I Do Not Like Them, and that is the reason for the two stars. I know it is just a Spoon! However, I do not care when they send you what ever they want and NOT what you have ordered!
3 ||| IT IS JUST AS YOU CAN SEE BUT I KINDA THOUGHT IT WOULD HAVE HELD A BIT MORE I THINK IT WILL HOLD MAYBE 3 TO 4 OF THE REGULAR SIZE WRAP BOXS NOT THE THICKER SIZE ROLLS ONLY REG. I ALWAYS BUY FOIL AND WRAPS IN BULK SIZE PACKS AT SAMS AND THEY WON'T FIT. SO IF YOU JUST USE REG. SIZE PACKAGING AND ONLY NEED FOR A FEW ITEMS IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT BUT IF YOU HAVE MORE THEN A FEW OF REG. SIZE YOU PROBALLY WILL NEED A BIGGER ONE. IT DID COME WITH A COUPLE SCREWS AND WAS IN GOOD CONDITION
0 ||| I bought this because of the reversible cleaning gizmo, which worked fine. But it was hard to press, left a lot behind, and ultimately the handle broke - the metal sheared into two pieces. Poor quality.
4 ||| Finally a book that explains how to make your way up the corporate ladder. Finally after 12 years in the "real world" after receiving my MBA a clear concise book that explains the do's and don'ts of corporate America. The anecdotes add a touch of humor and help in remembering the lessons. Socrates and Aristotle would be proud. Great Book I would recommend it to all.
0 ||| I'm not a coldplay fan at all, but liked this song so much I had to have it. Unfortunately, I don't like the sound of the recording on the CD5. It sounds tinny and somehow mastered wrong. Maybe it's the copy protection, but it sure ruins a great song.
3 ||| After spending a lot of money at Doodlebops live in September, my son really wanted to be Moe Doodle for Halloween. Of course, they only sell it online. Although the price is not cheap, I find the costume to be worth it. The wig is surprisingly good. It fits perfectly on my child's head, which he surprisingly kept on the entire Halloween night. There was no incident of the wig falling off.My only gripe is the gloves. It's very oversized compared to the rest of the costume. My son wanted to wear it even though he had a hard time holding his bag of treats.I give this product 4 stars, minus 1 for the oversized gloves.
0 ||| The Agri-Fab garden cart is easy to assemble. But, I could tell as soon as I opened the box that it was a shadow of my old one. The plywood is flimsy, thin, soft wood, and generally NOT the type that should be used in carts that will have to take shovels, pitch forks, varied loads of mulch, gravel and the like. I'm very disappointed that Agri-Fab does not produce a top quality cart and make it in the USA. I'd be willing to pay more for better quality. I wouldn't be surprised if the rubber wheels fail in the first 6 months.
3 ||| Brando is at his best in Missouri Breaks. It's one of the roles that gave him his reputation for being an eccentric. He goes from accent to accent without any direction. He is so fun in this movie. Acting just plain "Weird". He did the same thing in "One Eyed Jacks" which you should definetely get if you liked "The Missouri Breaks". Brando had a reputation for being strange and acting on a whole different level. You can see it in this movie. The movie is so-so. The Brando performance is just something to watch and marvel at. He was on the edge, doing his own thing. Nicolson is admirable playing the straight man against the whacked out Brando character who is kind of a cowboy homosexual killer type. It's really worth a look. Enjoy. Grandma's tired now. Bye.
0 ||| This is the adapted play, not the original novel, so please adjust the description accordingly, so other purchasers are aware of this. Additionally, my seller will not refund me the original shipping costs nor the return shipping costs as they "shipped the correct item according to ISBN" and Half.com wrote the review - they cannot change the review either. so, i'm out two shipping costs, and still did not get the correct gift! Totally sucks.
4 ||| This is the best book I have read by or about foreigners living in Japan. The author has moved to Japan to teach English in a typical small town school. Quite a wide variety of situations and scenes in Japanese daily life are covered from an outsider's perspective. His interactions with the school's principal, district administrators, teachers, the students and their parents are well written in a descriptive and anecdotal way. Mr Feiler is not just a good storyteller but is a very insightful writer as well. I immediately reread the book and enjoyed the second reading even more than the first.
2 ||| The book is about an old man named Santiago who has been on a fishing slump for 84 days. Since, he hasn't caught any fish he is very poor, and all the people in town make fun of him except his trusted friend Manolin. Santiago then goes out to sea and goes on the journey of his life. I would recommend you to go and read this book and see what happens.
0 ||| I was very disappointed with the colors (a horrible flashy yello for the lion) and the quality, although for the price they are ok.
4 ||| Seems like R.Kelly is getting BETTER AND BETTER, EVERY TIME HE RELEASE A NEW ALBUM. AND THIS IS NO EXCEPTION.THIS IS THE CD THAT I LOOKED FOR A LONG TIME,TRULY A PERFECT CLASSIC. ALL the people that I know LOVE IT TO DEATH, ESPECIALLY: STRIP FOR YOU,R&B; THUG,GREATEST SEX,I DON`T MEAN IT, JUST LIKE THAT,DON`T YOU SAY NO,ONE ME,I WISH AND THE REMIX, WOMAN THREAT, I DECIDED, FEELIN ON YO BOOTY AND THE STORM IS OVER. IF YOU WANT THIS MULTIPLE PLATINUM ALBUM (4X PLATINUM IN U.S.A,AND ANOTHER THREE MILLION COPIES SOLD AROUND THE WORLD),TRUST ME!, IT`S WORTH MUCH MORE THAN THE 15 TO 20 BILLS THAT COST.
4 ||| I've been looking for a vinyl copy of this LP for a long time and came across this 2008 reissue. I was hesitant at first because of the price but I am very happy with it. The quality of the recording is very good as was the packaging etc. Of course, there are some differences from the original 1983 releases, changes in the jacket, the record lable etc but they got it close and, as I said, the sound on this record is very good and clean.
0 ||| Poor action movie and Linda is more like an extra than a main player. She has maybe 15 minutes of on-screen presence and she is never close to nude.Only buy if you get into GRADE B 80's movies.
2 ||| Convincing and compelling on many levels. Both the acting and special effects relating to the seafaring and whale chases are superb, 1956 standards surpassing 2012's. True to the flavor of Melville's magnum opus.
1 ||| As a longtime fan of Gore Vidal I was disappointed in this latest work of his. I have read most of his work in recent times and have even given his books as gifts to friends, but this latest effort is not up to Vidal's usual high standard. The literary essays are fine and in several instances wonderful. However in the political essays there was a sameness about them collectively that seemed to render them shrill and unreadable. It is not the content that I object to, merely the repetition. There is only on essay on politics in this volume and Vidal has repackaged it several times, reheating and serving it up again and again.
4 ||| Had to read again before the movie comes out. Worth every penny and really fun to hear parts of it aloud.
4 ||| If you're taking a lot of pills like me, then these large Amex Medi Chest pill containers are the way to go. The compartments are large and easy to work with. And I love that each day's worth of pills can be removed so you only have just the 1 day's compartment to deal with, instead of having to handle the entire week's container all at once. Everything is clearly marked in nice bold black ink and is easy to read, even without glasses. I bought 5 of these and prep a whole month in advance at a time. The price was right, so I'd rather do that tedious chore monthly instead of weekly. They appear to be durable too, so I expect them to last me a good while. Would definitely buy again. Good Luck!!
1 ||| This is a classic book. It is very well written but because of the language used it is at times very hard to read.
3 ||| This cd is amazing, but Amazon has wrongly attributed some of the performances to Zac Efron. He sings for Troy in High School Musical 2, but he does NOT sing for Troy in High School Musical (the first movie) or anywhere on that soundtrack. Both Troy voices are great but Amazon should get the listing right.
4 ||| We are very happy with the Fiesta Dinnerware. It is simple and fun to use and with so many additional pieces you can create a great table setting! We mixed colors to match our kitchen perfectly.
4 ||| Great charger, works fine. Second one I bought but this one does not light up blue like the first one, it only has a small blue LED on the front.
3 ||| we didn't even use the magnetic feature but glad it had that option. Compact, easy to take (about size of Ipad but thicker). Would recommend for the avid backgammon enthusiasts like us who cannot bear to go too long without playing!
1 ||| You are not alone. That is one of the first messages of Senior Choices -- that many senior couples are addressing the same issues of whether to live together and, if so, the pros and cons of being married.There are other nuggets of wisdom in this book as well....for example, suggestions of things to think about, viewpoints of different kinds of relationships.However, to find this wisdom you have to be willing to suffer through a lot of repetition, an arrangement of subject matter that, to me, is disorganized and illogical, and many grammatical errors that will drive you nuts if you have any editing experience. But just take a deep breath and read on a little faster, and you will learn some satisfying stuff.
0 ||| Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't understand the LOVE for this DVD. It's ok. It took forever to get going and my son just about lost interest before it got to the letter sounds. My just 2 year old will watch part of it (huge for him). He's learned so much from us and from the leap frog magnet letter set, that this is just a reinforcement. I'd love to see the focus be primarily on the lower case letters next time.
0 ||| The item works fineBut i find a steal from the canopus manufacturer not to provide it with the product!
1 ||| I am a big morcheeba fan, and its not that this album isnt good, but its not great. I agree with the other reviewer that the new singer sounds like she should be singing the opening of a bond film, not morcheeba. I am open to change, but the new singer doesnt quite capture the spirit nor have the impact that Skye did. If you are expecting the same sound of old in morcheeba with this album, you will be disappointed. dont get me wrong, its not bad, its kinda catchy, but just a little disappointing for morcheeba.
3 ||| This is expanded from a longish short story, and of course was made into that AWFUL movie, but it is a very fun read and really has that early Zelazny sense of a very strange world.
3 ||| I like the Dymo Letratag labeller. But I am having problems with the tapes not sticking. I used paper tapes first and they were atrocious - would stick for a few minutes and then start peeling. I switched to plastic and they stick better but still nowhere near as good as a P-Touch label. I have a P-Touch label on my electric toothbrush from 15 months ago and it is still going strong. 1 month ago I put a Letratag plastic label on the same toothbrush and it stuck for a while and then its corners lifted and then water got under and it was all over... If you need real sticking power, I don't recommend this brand. Dymo take note - I have used Dymo products for years and your embossed (but now ancient) labels were great. Please fix the stick on the Letratag labels!!!
3 ||| great book , and fast service. a step back into the 1870's , and a great writer, for the military.I learned a lot about the early americans.
1 ||| The book arrived in a couple of weeks, in good condition. It took longer that most AMAZON orders, probably because it came from across the Atlantic. The cardboard envelope the book was sent in was not closed at one end, and the book was sticking out. Luckily, it was not lost in the mail, and it did not get wet or otherwise damaged in transit.The book, itself, was as expected. My daughter is expecting her first child this summer, and had joked that a baby book "for dummies" might be helpful. I believe that she's enjoying it and has found it valuable.As long as I was aware of the distance the product had to travel, (I was careless with this purchase, and didn't notice this) I would buy from this vendor again. I trust that the failure to properly seal the packaging was an unusual problem.
3 ||| I purchased this blue ray and have been very impressed. The dancing is superb, as to be expected considering the source. You would be hard pressed to find better visual quality, and the music is impeccable. My only complaint is that this version of Swan Lake has a 'happy ending'. The music and story dictate tragedy. It should have been played out with a double suicide, and it wasn't.
3 ||| I really liked this book. I agree with some that it seems fragmented, but that can be a good change of pace. I often like well done stories that cover a series of sub-plots simultaneously. This is one.Be forewarned. You must get a hardback book 7 (at least at this time)in order to know how things turn out. The plot is left very much hanging. (See my review of One Small Step for my feelings on that.) Apparently, the first 6 books of the series don't interact much, but the seventh apparently concludes them all (haven't gotten that one yet). There is some continuation of DS9 plot lines, especially concerning Shar. Not much about Jake.
2 ||| What really stuck with me as a message in the book is that it's hard not to judge people and that there are two sides to most people. Sometimes it's easier to think in terms of black and white with the evil villian and the hero. Here the villian turns out to have a sensitive side?It's a really interesting plot, the way you can't tell who's evil or not. It's a good idea but the ending stumped and kind of upset me.It's an interesting book but the ending largely upset and creeped me out so I only gave it 3 stars.
4 ||| Very good book a must read for folks lost in the sea of discontent to do with Dr.'s views and all that mess.
4 ||| The first installment was amazing! great cast and great story. As for Part 2, it was good but it became lil corny. I love Jennifer Love Hewitt to death, but the sequel didnt make me scared at all. The best is when shes in the rain lol the man know what im talkin about
4 ||| Eragon is a story about a boy, a dragon, and magic. Eragon was out in the woods, hunting, when he hears and feels a violent wind. When he opens his eyes, in front of him lays a beautiful blue stone, or so he thinks. After many failed attempts to trade it for family necessities, he gives up and simply leaves it alone. But one night the blue stone hatches, and a baby dragon appears. They go on all sorts of adventures together, find out things they never even dreamed of, and discover secrets.Although some of the previous reviews were rather harsh, I agree somewhat with them. Eragon does have a familiar ring to it, from the plot all the way down to his name. However, unlike the other reviews, I rather thought the story was oddly comforting. Christopher Paolini seems to have taken the best of all other fantasy books, put them together, and put a fresh twist into the plot. I enjoyed reading Eragon and I do recommend it to you.
1 ||| Like most O'Reilly books. This is meant for hard-core programmers and not beginners. That said, the content is still rather shallow. As for CGI, Schwartz et al refer you to the other O'Reilly PERL books, which (of course) are written for UNIX weenies and are of no use to the NT/Win32 folks. So what good is that? Sigh.
1 ||| Looks like a great film, only... can't understand a word. Germans hear and understand all the dialogue while those of us who know only English have to figure out what's being said and, more importantly, what's being felt. Subtitled questions go unanswered. Beware this DVD. My wife saw this film in a theater and swears the subtitles helped her follow the story. This DVD does no such thing. Know German, or else.
3 ||| I usually flip through the book as soon as I get home from work. This book is great because I can always find something to make for which I have all the ingredients; I just need a bit of inspiration. I've even given the book to gfs who are moving out on their own and need a "no excuses" yummy and quick cookbook.
4 ||| This book is a must read for all potential adopters! It is a very complete work, containing all the information one would need regarding greyhounds. In addition, the book is a fairly quick read. Branigan does an excellent job of taking you through the post-adoption process, including all of the hazards one may encounter if not prepared - - stairs, supplies, and sensitivity to certain medicines. Although there is a lot of information available on the net (that I also read), I would strongly suggest reading this book as Branigan compiles everything you need in one concise book. Finally, I helped the ex-racer cause out a little more by going through the adopt-a-greyhound site to purchase the book from amazon.
0 ||| I didn't care for this book at all - in fact, I stopped reading it several times because it droned on and on about the writer's depression - so much so, it made me depressed! I wanted to read about her recovery - and after more than half of the book behind me, I was still looking for that. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone!
3 ||| I was hoping for a coming-of-age book in a setting with which I was familiar. Although much of the setting was very familiar and really rang true, there was no personal growth in the main character. I loved the references to "morning meetings", adoration of "the seniors" and the "pet words"(patina). Unfortunately, that was were my experience and Lee's diverged. If I had known I was reading a book about a person with an avoidant personality disorder and how she dealt with the stress of prep school, I think I would have enjoyed the book more. Instead, I was sold a coming-of-age book, where the main character was trapped in her disease and never grew up.We did have a great discussion in my book club about this book though.
0 ||| I found this movie very depressing. Come to think of it, the making of it was great. But the story was very poorly written. However, it's a good one to rent and watch at home. Not really worth to spend time and money at theaters.
1 ||| I am sure in many years to come Mr Kweller will look back to this album and say " well it had a few good points but it was not the best I did"There are a few great tracks- the rest so so. Its either a shame someone didn't have the balls to point this out before he released it as when its good its great and he might just have an unbelievable album inside him. I honestly believe if he takes more time and gets better at picking the good tunes he will be a household name. until then its hit or miss on each track. There's no in between.Save your cash as you will buy ity and not play it again.
0 ||| good cd if you like love songs jagged edge has the wrong name, only thing hardcore is their gear. unfortunately hardcore r&b died in 1979.
1 ||| The crotch shot is the only bit of this heavy-handed erotic thriller that has remained in the popular imagination, and rightfully so. Sharon Stone's sexiness falls far short of the level of enthrallment Douglas accords it, and the bisexual psychologist is the only real sexy character (including, I'd say, Douglas). The action scenes are about average, and the plot becomes more convoluted than is justified by the payoff. Just because this raised the level of production values for erotic thrillers more commonly found on late-night Cinemax doesn't mean that it's truly escaped its tawdry roots.
0 ||| I have been reading other peoples reviews, and I agree with both the 5 stars and 1 star.I just completed listening to the 10 tape audio version while traveling with my 7 and 11 year old children. They were entranced and entertained in the car for hours.My 11-year-old was well-read enough to recognize that this book is essentially a melding of Tolkein (LOTR) and McCaffery (Dragonriders of Pern), with a tiny bit of Harry Potter thrown in. There is not much origional material here, yet the kids still found it fun.As a parent and experienced fantasy reader, I did not find it objectionable, just unorigional. The author does have literary talent and I hope as he matures he can develope his own ideas rather than recycling those of other epic fantasy writers.
4 ||| so i started taking them... i feel like they work... but i'm not 100% sure... i guess if i stop taking them i'll know...but i'm pretty sure they are working...
0 ||| I don't believe that Clancy even wrote this dog! The language could fade wallpaper, boring, boring, boring. Page 250 and the best I can say is I've had a wonderful eduation in the purchase of undergarments for Chinese women. If Tom did indeed pen this effort, looks to me like he's fresh outta ideas. A waste of money and time. Sorry.
1 ||| Well, it's not Harry Potter, but it copmes across nicely for a 17 yr old. It's about this boy Eragon and he finds a dragon egg and becomes a dragon rider. I wouldn't say it's a ripoff, because most fantasies are rip offs anyway. I think that anyone who likes this book should also read Dragons: Lexicon Triumvirate.
3 ||| I recieved my copy and in about three hours I had gotten through enough of the book and companion CD that I was able to jump right into the the web site publishing fray knowing that if I ran ito problems that this book is right where I can get it fast. It reads pretty easy and it don't tell you how to click your mouse and so on...I liked the book very much and it seems to be worth every penny that I paid for it.
1 ||| This version of King Kong is so similar to the original, it was pretty much pointless to go to all the trouble of remaking it. Peter Jackson, by all means, is a decent director. But with his previous films, there was something ultimately no other director could capture, like with Dead/Alive and Heavenly Creatures. Even the Lord of the Rings trilogy will be really hard to surpass by directors fifty years from now.But King Kong is a bunch of fancier scenes and lines from the original movie, then a ton of extra nonsense just to make it seem a whole lot different and original. This version would have been good if time on the boat, on the island, and in New York afterwards would have been cut in half. It's a drag to watch.I did give it two stars, though, for the special effects and some of the action scenes were pretty cool. I also like Jack Black, so seeing his face in the midst of this was refreshing.
0 ||| I very much like war movies, but I have no idea what this movie was about. It was way off in depicting the Vietnam War (if you want a good depiction of that war, check out Platoon) and besides that, I still didn't find the movie interesting or anything remotely representing an Academy Award winning movie.
4 ||| I am so very glad that I read this book as an adult for the first time (and had no real idea what it was even about). I read it in one sitting - it is only short and the language is very easy. That is not the challenge of this book!Under an hour to read and oh my god - the ending still makes me gasp...But it is a book that you could probably only read with the intense emotion once and that time should not be wasted on a 17 year old! Once you know the ending it will stay with you forever.This book it a masterpiece.
1 ||| while the Song itself is pretty much a Knock Off of "The boy is Mine"&a few other things because I can pinpoint where Kayne West gets some of His Suff from,the storyline is interesting.Brandy Vocally though is not as Good as She was back in the day.Her Voice is missing a certain spark.She still has the Cross-Over vibe in Her Material that will always get Her some kind of a Hit but that doesn't mean you are gonna get solid results from Her vocal chops anymore.
4 ||| One of the best films I've seen in awhile. Both Bruce Willis and Mos Def play their roles in an ecellent fashion.Although this isn't anything new for Willis, he still manages to bring something "extra" to his character. While Mos Def plays his part...exceptionally. Yes! His characters voice is annoying, but that is part of his charm and appeal. He has that simple quallity about him that is believable (and likeable)! I mean come on...we all know someone in our personal lives that simply does not know when to shut up and tend to talk about the most irrelevant and strangest things possible.In contrast to a comment made in the review posed by someone else, I have added this movie to my DVD collection and I will watch it again.I would recommend it to others.
0 ||| The acting: grim.The storyline: sad.The characters: disgusting.In short, there was nothing anyone could possibly like about this movie. The moral of the story is no matter how many well respected actors appear in a movie, it cannot save it from bad writing and direction.
0 ||| I was dissapointed in the color. Its listed as mock yellow, but it is mustard or a goldish color. Also the whistle sound is obnoxius. I would not reccomend this for just anyone because the tip and open spout could be awkward and dangerous in the wrong hands.
2 ||| For starters, Peter Sellers does basically a glorified cameo here as the lothario pianist who is the object of affection of two smitten teenage girls(at no time in the movie does he and his tormentors appear in the same frame). That said the two girls, Merrie Spaethe and Tippy Walker, are utterly charming as the love-struck teenagers. The parents (Angela Lansbury, Tom Bosley, Phyllis Thaxter) do admirable work here as well. New York City looks great particularly in the scene where Walker walks through snow-covered Central Park on Christmas morning. A gripe about Sellers' performance: What kind of accent was he affecting. I'm assuming he was trying for New Yawk but I had a hard time imagining him playing stickball on the streets of Brooklyn as a kid.
0 ||| This is a dissapointment for me the Case is too small for the camera it is intended for, once the camera is forced in there is no room for anything else and I mean NO room
0 ||| I went about 2 years constantly plugged in because the OEM battery died - literally had 0 capacity. For $40 I'm free again. Probably not quite the original battery's capacity, but I can go about a week with light evening use and constant sleep otherwise without recharging. I'd guess I'm getting about 3-4 hours using wireless+internet applications (?)Was delivered to my door on a very cold day (~0F), and the aluminum cover fell right off. Maybe the glue wasn't design for that cold? Craft glue worked like a charm though, and the battery looks like the original. It actually fits into the computer chassis a little bit better, more snug, than the original.It really looks like it must be manufactured in the same Chinese factory as the OEM battery...Don't bother with the $130 Apple...
4 ||| There is nothing "Mere" about this book; it will merely change your life. Lewis lays out in plain english a logical argument for the existence of God and the definitive apologetic for christianity since St. Thomas Aquinis. His use of metaphore makes difficult abstract concepts understandable. Christianity claims to change lives and Mere Christianity lives up to its name. A must read for anyone seriously seeking the truth.
4 ||| If you're interested in the first war in Chechnya everything's here including the holocaust against the Chechen people. It ends in 1998 before Putin's KGB war and the Chechens' descent into terrorism. If your pro-Russian this book is not for you. The writers are not pro-Yeltsin either. (Who is? He was just a drunk.)
3 ||| great little product but i suggest you glue some leather to the area that grabs the boots to prevent any possible scuffing
1 ||| I have been looking for this title on DVD for many years. This was a favorite of mine from my early youth. This is not to say that I am a fan of Opera or that I believe that Jesus was born on December 25th. As I expected, this appears to be a simple, VHS to DVD transfer. The original video recording was apparently captured and canned as-is, that is to say, no studio overdubbing. Therefore, the lyrics are often hard to understand. Just the same, I am overjoyed to own this rare seasonal production. If you liked this title as a child, nothing is different (except maybe your own hearing). You should still like it today.
4 ||| Jeff Conklin's work is inspiring, thought-provoking, and practical. The book gets you to think about how we communicate and what gets in the way, then gives you powerful and immediately useful tools to bring out the best in our interactions. Whether you're a facilitator, team leader, manager or software developer, Jeff shows how to bridge our thinking and build shared understanding, and does so with delightfully accessible and easy-to-read prose.
3 ||| I saw Bab's in concert in Vegas and have to say that she is still wonderful, but her voice has changed and deepen. It has been my dream to see her in concert my entire life and it finally made her a human being. The CD brings back memories of the concert, but does show the changes in her voice.She is still one of the greatest vocalist, but everyone get old!
4 ||| The kind of film you would gladly revisit after a few years , especially enjoyed the script , it was well-crafted.
0 ||| I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY PERSON WITH HYPERTENSION, YOU WILL SEETHE NUMBERS GO DOWN IN A WEEK.
0 ||| I had to read this book for a test I am having in Honors English tomorrow. The book made no sense and was all out depressing. I don't know why anybody would want to read it let alone deem it as a classic.
4 ||| This is a rich collection of songs, many of which originated or were popular in the U.S., such as "Romania, Romania" and "Belz." The selections range from tragic (a ghetto lament) to madcap (a Spike Jones number), and they're perfection as performed by incredible vocalist Julie Bressler and the band.
0 ||| It plays fine but the rewind and fast forward is a loud motor running. I'm going to return it for perhaps another SONY or Panasonic.
0 ||| This is literally one of the most poorly written books I have ever read, which came as somewhat of a shock as it is Steel's 58th bestseller. The story lacks depth and complexity, the characters lack development, the writing is repetitive, and everything is generally one-dimensional. Did she hire an intern to compose this book for her??
4 ||| An excellent text book for Physical Chemist who want to get sound footing in Statistical Thermodynamics.Inorder to really get a good view of the basics of statistical mechanics the reader really needs to spend an adequate amount of time in digesting the contents of the initial chapter. However, after spending some amount of time in reading those initial chapters, one can grasp the latter parts of the book in a quite interesting fashion.In my opinion, this book is a must for those who want to master the statstical thermodynamics. Infact, one would be really amazed at the standard of the book considering the fact that it is reasonably old. No new standard books on ' Statistical Mechanics' can provide such an adequate foundations as it in this book. I would strongly recommend this book along with the other book 'Statistical Mechanics' by the same author.Sasisanker Padmanabhan
3 ||| This was exactly what I was looking for - large numerals, easy to read from our sliding doors out to the patio. Could not find anything comparable locally. Very fast,reasonable shipping, too.
4 ||| Max Ludington can write. The book is filled with quick and vivid descriptions. He also can handle a back and forth plotline. The story? Meh. A preppie deadhead quits school, hits succesive GD tours, meets women, loses friends, gets smack habit. While grounded in a darker reality the book still has a rather cliched approach to plot.Perhaps I expected a more comical and swirling psychedelic narrative and was disappointed by the typical marijuana leads to heroin line.Still I look forward to more from this writer.
4 ||| .. to be an epic sci-fi movie. I had mixed feelings about this movie. On the one hand, it's great to see Riddick again but I preferred the Riddick from "Pitch Black", rather than his incarnation of "super hero called in to save the universe" In "Pitch Black", he was the ultimate bad ass, but still a human being, albeit a deeply flawed one. In this movie, he has almost super-human powers it seems, able to mow down dozens of Necromongers at a time. As for the look of the movie, a bigger budget doesn't necessarily mean a better movie. Everything is on a grand scale and some of scenary is awesome (but some isn't so great). Also, the two other surviving characters from "Pitch Black" are killed off in this installment, one early on, the other at the end (boo!) All in all, Twohy should have taken much more time to tell us this story (2 hours plus a few minutes just isn't enough), too much is crammed in. And of course, the end leaves us open for (surprise) another sequel! Imagine that!
0 ||| I'm so glad I didn't buy this movie but only rented it.I looked forward to seeing it all the way home from work, but found it so boring that I turned it off after only 10 minutes.I must give a word of praise for the makeup artists, though. They did a wonderful job of transforming Nicole Kidman's face into a semi-resemblance of Virginia Wolf.
4 ||| This is a good book on a very sensitive issue, especially for young girls. While this book looks at abortion as an option, it offers many alternatives and discusses the pros and cons of all of them - there are no rose colored glasses, no matter what choice is made. I appreciated the authenticity of the author and her respectful treatment of each choice discussed.
3 ||| I recently listened to my cd of this after several years. With the perspective of hindsight, it seems like they are groping for a way to stay relevant as musical tastes change. 40 years later, the sound is simply disappointing. I remember getting the greatest hits album in high school and wondering why "Too Much of Nothing" was on it. It seemed so out of place. Now I understand.It is interesting to hear their version of "Reason to Believe" - a great piece of material. The two Paul Stookey tunes - "Hymn" and "Love City" are the best thing on the record. They sound true. While his solo version of Hymn on a later album was a little better, there is an introspection about this version that can't be matched.Thank goodness for "Album 1700". That brought them back around to their classic sound. And, although it is clearly a minority opinion, I really enjoyed "Reunion", certainly much more than "Late Again"
1 ||| The magnet are difficult to use on some areas of body. In order to use on lower back, I had to create some semblance to a belt. Only then, was I able to use.
4 ||| At last this movie comes out as it deserves. The picture and sound seem brand new. The 5.1 mix is so amazing. To enjoy it at its best, I took the phone off, then I staid put in my couch. I just have to say thank you mister Scott.
3 ||| supply-side economics! The new age. I believe computers will take over the world but, technological revolution is a thing that will pass.
0 ||| I bought this because I remembered seeing this as a little kid and wanted to share the wonder I recalled with other kids. Too bad that the animation and picture quality are so poor. It's very dark. There are times when you can't really make out what is going on on the screen. High definition just exaggerates the poor quality. I wanted to love it, but that really got in the way of the overall enjoyment. The kids didn't really care too much though. The story is still good.
0 ||| This was a very disappointing purchase. The 'Premium Hand Decorated Exotic Wooden Tea Chest' appears to be pine decorated with printed paper. Although the print is very nice, the description of it is a bit overblown.The tea inside was okay. Some of the combinations of flavors just didn't go well together, and often drowned the flavor of the tea.
0 ||| I can not understand why all the good reviews about this machine are about, I bought it based on the reviews but my results are far from satisfactory. So far we've baked three loaf of bread and not a single one was even okey.Red mill, regular and cinnamon bread, also Pamela's sandwich bread, what a disaster. I wont even feed it tomy dog... One was under baked, one did not raise, and the last one was hard as a rock. Are they any suggestions?Gluten free flours tent to be a bit dry but come on I was under the impression that the machine could deliverdecent quality. We follow the bag instructions, measuring and leaving the egg at room temperature, we usedoil instead of butter looking for a semi-soft loaf of bread, added the liquid first and the dry last, stillcan not understand what we are doing wrong. The machine seems to be in good shape working properly. I amreally tired of paying the high price of gluten free breads, no having a choice, I seek help, ideas or comments.
3 ||| In the Woods is one of those bands that never gained much attention from the masses of fans and were doomed to split after releasing a couple of amazing albums. HEart of the Ages is their first album and it finds the band venturing in a more Black metal path than the albums to follow. While not a bad album HEart of the Ages gets somewhat lost in the tons of other Black metal releases out there which is a shame since In the Woods were a very talented band and this is shown on their later releases Omnio and Strange in Stereo. Nevertheless this is an interesting album but not the essential album to get to know this band.
0 ||| I payed more than twice what I could have purchased a NC3FX-BAG for because the picture is of a NC3FXX a completely different connector.
0 ||| Some people seem to like this kind of mindless movie.The best thing in the movie for me was the blues singing ofMary Steenburgen. I didn't find the idea of science meeting pseudo-psi very funny. But it is a romantic comedy and they usually make even less sense than this one where the psychic marries the wrong guy. The acting of Demi Moore is really pretty bad, but Jeff Daniels is just not much better.
1 ||| Although I've enjoyed each of the Patricia Cornwell novels I've read, I was disappointed at the ending of "Black Notice." I really like the character of Kay Scarpetta and the forensic science in each of novels which include her character. But, as others have stated, the forensic science in "Black Notice" seemed not to belong to the plot of the book."Black Notice" leaves one speculating about alot of unanswered questions and remaining mysteries. It leaves me to wonder if more is to come about the killers personna, the Chardonne family, and Agent Talley. To me, the story just ended in the way I expected, but I didn't exptect it to end once the killer was captured after trying to kill Dr. Scarpetta. I wanted to know more.This is the first book by Patricia Cornwell that has left me hanging. She is a very good author and I hope more of her books don't leave me feeling this way.
3 ||| Fisher-Price is well known for making toys that "grow" with their toughest critics, babies. The Fisher-Price Rainforest 123 Musical Gym is no exception. My son is four months old, and he loves to lie on his back and swat at the toucan rattle, butterflies, and tiger music box. He coos and giggles while he plays with them. There's also a giraffe and palm tree that he likes to look at. As he grows older and begins to lie on his belly more, there's another rattle, a mirror, and a peek-a-boo toy to play with as well. There's even a headrest that can move along with the child as they grow.This toy focuses on development of large motor skills. The ability for the toy to "grow" with the child makes it a pretty good buy in my opinion. I recommend it to families with babies who are at least two or three months old.
4 ||| 5 stars!!!! Release the money or a nerd will appear on the school board members and more people because ratings
4 ||| My kids (8 and 11) kept waiting for the funny parts - which never came. The 8-year-old enjoyed it more than the older one. The scene where the mother dies in a car crash is very graphic so beware. This was hard for us because we lost a grandmother this way. Other than that, I thought the whole thing was charming. While child actor did well, Grard Depardieu is always the best thing about any movie he's in.
3 ||| Great balance and tension make these tongs a pleasure to use. I bought them for the grill, but use them for a million other things in the kitchen. I got a small taste of what arthritis sufferers must endure when I whacked my hand on something a couple weeks ago & bruised it badly. My grip strength was greatly reduced & it hurt to try to squeeze anything... this was the only tool in my kitchen that I could still use easily. The locking mechanism is sturdy, simple to operate, & makes storage easy too. Get 'em and you'll find that they move to the top of the "always in the dishwasher" list, because you'll use them that much!
0 ||| This is one of the least inspired and entertaining mysteries I've encountered in years. The plot is ridiculously complex (and silly), the camera work is irritating, the hero is a raunchy oaf, and the writer has badly confused Anglo-Catholicism with Catholicism in his portrayal of an English church. Even the quality of the picture is not that great. Stay away from this one.
4 ||| Hallarious! One of my favorite shows! Thanks! Sent it to all my children. They enjoyed it also. English comedy can't be beat!
3 ||| This is a profound movie; the visual world Syd Mead created is a mind-blowing abstraction of a capitalist-ruled society. Profits over people, and intelligent lifeforms as commodities for our whims. While not always sticking to the focus of the replicants as "emerging humans" --not unlike children learning the mores of social interaction-- Blade Runner soars for its examination of the question, "Once we can create life on the human level, what seperates us from them? Why do we deserve to live, given that the replicants ultimately want to understand what it is to be human?" This film posits serious questions and morals that are more relevant today than ever, now that we are at the dawn of the age of biotechnology." This film caught my attention a decade ago (thx blade runner pc game!) and I am still enthralled with what this movie stands for. If you envision a future that's dirty, corrupt and as unpredictable as the present, this is YOUR movie.
0 ||| I was looking forward to seeing this movie after the write ups I had read about it. I must admit I was highly disappointed. The acting was good, but it was such a cliche storyline. Repressive husband, wife gets tired of it and starts to look for more. I guess I just didn't think it original. I didn't care for the lines or the chemistry between the cast.
0 ||| Being a religious man myself, I took the descriptive attributes of a 'bible' into account when I chose to buy this book. However I assume the that the author (David Hague) is an aethiest since he seems to attribute the terms 'inaccurate' and 'vague' to a bible.I friend of mine contracted David Hague to do some IT work for his small/medium business, and from what I've been told, this guy (David) shouldn't even be working in IT, let alone authoring a book on IT. From the assumption I gained from using this book, I tend to agree with him.Stay clear of this book, there a better options. It is very vague, and is relatively useless to both beginners and experienced IT professionals.
4 ||| I like it because it's not like other Tom Clancy's books which are conected (Op Centre, books with Jack Ryan...). It's clear that Clancy is navy man, as ground battles are not described as detailed as naval (air battles are a bit more detailed, but not much). Don't you think, that with US involved in Europe some other state would try achieve it's goals (remember how worried US were when involved in Kosovo)? Maybe Koreans would do something. But all in all, it's good book.
3 ||| This film was actually produced due to Sylvester Stallones recent fondness of Formula One racing. After seeing a few, Sly felt there really had not been a film done on the sport which also showed "behind the scenes." The film shows a few drivers in various aspects of their lives in Formula One and the movie has a pretty good story all in all. The camera shots and special effects are wonderful and actually credible, especially if you are a fan of the sport like I am. This is no Oscar-worthy film by any means, but definately good enough and entertaining enough to watch. Because of the shots taken and being a fan of Formula One and Indy racing, I opted to buy this movie. I'm not a real big fan of Sly's, but I do, like everyone else, end up watching his movies. Bottom line-A good movie depicting various aspects of the sport, credible performances with plenty of action without be "over the top."
4 ||| I won't get into the plot here. I would rather speak of the movie as a whole. Charles Bronson gives what might be the best performance of his career. In the movie he doesn't speak all that much. He does his talking with his fists, body language and facial expressions. The storyline, the settings, the dialog and the acting are all terrific. "Hard Times" has the same feel and aura that makes "Chinatown" (Jack Nicholson) such a great movie. Even if you are not a Charles Bronson fan, watch this movie for all it's other attributes. This might be one of the most under-rated movies I have ever seen. It's well worth watching.
3 ||| I bought two of these. One for the bow and one for the stern. The one for the bow I had to drill new holes in the mounting bracket in order for it to fit. The stern will take some major work to adapt it and I haven't installed it yet. The one I do have installed works fine though.
4 ||| I have the Uppababy Vista and was fed up with the Uppa cup holder b/c it really stinks and bottles literally fell through the chains onto the sidewalk all the time not to mention that it made the stroller even wider. So, I got this one and I really like it. And to address other people's concerns about it not sitting level - if you adjust the straps properly it does sit level. plus the weight of a bottle in it makes it level. i love that it fits a bottle for me and a bottle for baby and has a spot to hold your cell phone. And it's so inexpensive. I def recommend it.
0 ||| As a devoted Jimmy Buffett fan, I must purchase every one of his CDs. It's a craving I can't control, even If I tried. However, I'm very disappointed in this record for the fact that it is like all of his other live recordings. He used the same songs again and again. His live recordings of Come Monday, Pencil Thin Mustashe, and the like are vertually identical to the other recordings. How many versions of the live songs do you want me to own? Jimmy, please, I beg of you, produce an "unpluged" CD of your old music. This would truly make all things right with the world.
4 ||| Being Christmas time I felt it appropriate to review a Christmas movie. And what better Christmas movies are there than the Silent Night Deadly Night Series? I know what your saying, But Steve, why choose the second film to review when the first one is far superior? Well I'll tell you why! Because this movie is essentially just the first movie done in flashbacks with 15 to 20 minutes of extra footage added. That's right these guys made a whole sequel and only had to spend enough money to film a few minutes of extra scenes. Pure genius and that's what I like in a horror movie...blood, guts and brains (and Santa Claus if it's at all possible) So remember when deciding which Silent Night Deadly Night to watch, go for number 2 because it's two film in one!
0 ||| oh my god whez iz saw her in americazn pie i thoiught she waz da bomb! i mean cmon just look at her! i only saw this movie for her and i'm not to glad i did. besides the fact thz she jsust perfect in itz, and should getz abn oscar nomination for thiz film, the reszt isz bad. not very funny pretty disgusting thoiugh. itz made me puke! great job shannon...!
4 ||| I am the proud owner of five Nightwish CDs, all of which I love. I must say however that Angels Fall First is my least favorite of the five. Once, Century Child, Wishmaster, and Oceanborn are all better than Angels Fall First, but I guess that is to be expected; often times bands need to improve upon their first album and refine their sound. Well, Nightwish did just that, and the proof is any of their later releases. Angels Fall First is still essential for the true Nightwish fan though. Get the other four first, and if you still desire more Nightwish, by all means, pick up this title. It's pretty good.
4 ||| I cannot believe how well I can see everything behind me at a glance. Solid and high quality. Would recommend it to a friend.
3 ||| Being a fan of Isabelle Huppert's work, I expected something more from this film. The only good thing about this film, as a matter of fact, was Huppert's performance of a woman coming undone. She lives her relatively closed (and closely monitored by her live-in mother) life as a piano teacher, and everything seems stern, put together (except for this bizarre relationship with her mother, who controls everything). And then Huppert's much-younger student begins to pursue her. By the time Huppert succumbs, she is unraveling. At the same time, the movie unravels with her.
2 ||| The CD was sent immediately and was in perfect condition. Too bad I just did not like the music.
0 ||| I was extremely disappointed with Tom Clancy's latest work. It falls short in all areas where he is normally praised.The dialogue in the book is poorly written. He frequently uses all the names a character has in one brief discussion. After the second or third time it became simply boring to read everyones name.The level of detail used in R6 is very substandard. Clancy only mildly describes weapons, scenarios and tactics. High intensity encounters are normally over in a few paragraphs.I can see a reason for this though. In real life these encounters would be over in a matter of seconds, in the best case. It seems awkward from a normally thorough writer.I also found the plot to be very predictable. Normally you get a general feel for what is going to happen and then are suprised at what takes place. Not in this book.Two stars may be generous.
4 ||| I Loved this Movie Plain And Simple It is A MUST SEE. Zoey Saldana has a huge impact in this film. I have multiple copies of this film in my home some how lol but it is well worth it. A must see buy it. Pop some popcorn and enjoy :)
4 ||| I have alway's been a fan of The Addam's Family TV show of the 1960's & when the movie came out in 91 I thought it was just another lousey re-make of an old TV classic. By time it came on video something inside me was urging me to rent it. I did and it was worth every penny I spent, I liked it so much I bought it when I took the movie back.The cast gives suberb performances especially Christina Ricci who, in my opinoin, stole the show from the rest of the cast. Angelica Houston, Raul Julia, & Christopher Lloyd also gave outstanding performances. The story is quite simple, Gomez (Julia) is still searching for his long lost brother Fester. When a greedy woman & her son get hold of the story & hear about the Addams' fortune she decides to dress her son up as Fester to get hold of the family fortune. Some of the most funny parts are watching Wendsday & Pugsly "play" with their electric chairs & butcher knives. A MUST SEE!
3 ||| A reasonable read. Good story line although I expected it to be about captain cochrane himself. Worth a look at.
4 ||| Beth Hart has been getting a lot of rotation on Cities 97, one of the Twin Cities station. I enjoyed "Delicious Surprise" and "L.A. Song" so much I ordered the CD. What a fantastic choice on my part (patting my own back). The comparisons with Janis Joplin and Sheryl Crow are just, to a point; she's a whiskey-voice female rocker. However, her lyrics are more story-like and insightful than a lot of Sheryl Crow's material and Beth can sing like nobody's business, whereas Janis spent a lot of time truly screaming for her supper. If you like an equal mix of rocking ("Delicious Surprise" and "Get Your S**t Together") and reflection ("L.A. Song" and "Mama"), you'll love this CD. And if you like Beth, odds are you'll like her Midwestern contemporary, the more acoustic Brenda Weiler.
3 ||| This is a good product. It really does shape you instantly and beautifully. Make sure that you wear something underneath it (i.e. tank) or you will be left with some marks similar to what happened to me. Overall it is a good product...I haven't worn it long enough to see the lasting results.
1 ||| I really wanted this item to work because everybody seemed to love it. It didn't hold anything in on me and it gave me back boobs. Waste of money for me.
0 ||| Oh God, Arthur! Why why why! Why did you have to write this book? It was flat, unimaginative, and a complete waste of my time as a science fiction reader/fanatic. If it weren't for some basic information that led you back to the series I would have given this book one star. But I gave it two because it looked so pathetic setting next to its predecessors on my bookshelf. Thank god its over! Try the Dune series or Foundation series or Lord of the Ring series if you want true reading material.
0 ||| I did not like this book at all . It was assigned to me as a reading assignment over the summer. there was hardly a connection from the beginning to the end . It was very hard to understand and I am extremely dissapointed with Thornton. His books are expected to have higher potential than this.
4 ||| I love this book. It completes the truths of the gospel, and of our Savior, Jesus Christ returning and redeeming mankind. If you have a humble heart and open mind, and prayerfully read it, you cannot deny this book is true, and is a history of real people. It transcends all things and unfolds the purpose of human life. I know it is inspired by God. A literal journal of truth.
0 ||| I rented this thinking it would be an interesting subject on American-Chinese tradition here in the U.S. But I was wrong, it was a total disappointment. The story and its sub-plots are too contrived. The script is very formulaic; even adding a twist at the ending was typical and intentional - just so for audiences who likes a twist in their movies. Any viewer wouldn't get involved watching this film. Basically this is about a group Chinese-American siblings who has hang-ups with themselves and among each others. Set in the affluent neighborhood of San Francisco, it portrays an embarrassingly rich family by showing the amenities of the matriarch's sprawling extravagant house. Tennis, a dip in the pool, jacuzzi anyone? Jeez! I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.
4 ||| A page by page beauty. The prose glows and the wondrous thing about reading John O'Donohue is that he gives you the gift of being yourself. The words are keys, one after another, to such deep and warm places in the heart. A fine, fine book.
0 ||| Since I have a red-headed daughter, this sounded lioke a fun book to read. I gave it up just about 1/3 of the way through. Maybe it got better but I wasn't going to stay around to find out. The author really stretched it to make her point. Her point? Maybe becasue she's a redhead, she wanted to be so very, very special, so she took a few supposed facts and made a whole concept from them. Come on! Trying to make redheads all some sort of special witches, monmsters, super-human people was dumb. And she totally dissed red-headed men. My husband read it through but we both quickly decided NOT to send it to our daughter.
0 ||| I am guessing the 'attractant' used in these traps is derived from poop.WORD TO THE SQUEAMISH- this bag will be FULL OF FLIES, and the whole thing will be pulsing from the dying wing-beats of the hundreds (thousands?) of flies inside the bag. It is NOT for the faint of heart.YUCK. It's giving me the shivers just to look at the picture.Flies are gross, a clear bag full of horse poop smell and dying/dead flies is worse!Find a different solution.
4 ||| "Oranges on Golden Mountain" is an excellent children's book. The text by Elizabeth Partridge is complemented by Aki Sogabe's colorful illustrations."Oranges" tells the story of Jo Lee, a Chinese boy who emigrates to California, where he works as a fisherman with his uncle. He misses his mother, who is still in China, but he plants orange branches that she gave him to take on his journey.This is a realistic immigrant story with some fantastic/supernatural touches that evoke traditional Chinese beliefs. Illustrator Aki Sogabe creates many memorable scenes: a letter writer engaged in Chinese calligraphy, the Dragon King flying over a stormy ocean, Jo Lee tending his orange saplings, and more. To sum up: this is an excellent book for children of all cultures.
2 ||| I bought this because it was a great price and I thought it was a cute gag and perfect for Halloween. It came quickly, which was great. The issue I have is the nipple is HUGE and would only work for a much older baby. My baby is going on 6 months and is normal for her size. She can't suck on it, it is so big so we can't use it. But it's cheap and cute, I just wish they'd be more descriptive on the size.
1 ||| I won't bother rehashing old arguments. Eragon is derivative and there's nothing that can be done about that. I understand that fantasy usually is derivative. Star Wars and Lord of the Rings are also derivative of other sources. But what makes Eragon's derivativeness worse than that of Star Wars and LOTR? This book is dry. In SW and LOTR, there are interesting characters and action to mask the derivative elements. But Paolini says "characters are born out of necessity". The story has no soul; it has a plot but nothing else. That's why the cliches are more obvious in Eragon than in others books.
2 ||| NVidia (of GeForce fame) has purchased 3dfx (maker of this card) - and NVidia has no plans to continue the Voodoo product line. Could still be a great 3D card, at the right price, and if you don't mind no support...
1 ||| somehow my order got split in 2 so recieved 3 white tanks in large ,,ord 1 lg 1 exl rec 2 exl in red , ord 1 lrg , 1 ext large
2 ||| I had high expectations when I bought this book. I had heard good things about Morgan and was excited about reading something about the Rising that added some drama, unlike the strickly factual interpretations I have read in the past. What I learned from reading 1916 however, is that the Easter Rebellion needs no dramatization or embellishment. The Titanic, a broken priest, a prositute heroine, are things that simply detract from what is one of the more telling stories of modern times. The book wasn't completely without merit. The truths it did decide to deal with, it dealt with accurately.
0 ||| If it wasn't a Christmas gift the torn and crushed box wouldn't have mattered. I could have assembled the play center and thrown the box away.However, since it was Christmas, I had to use the beat up box and wrap it as best and as messy as possible. I had to apologize for the condition and insist all the parts and pieces were there.You shipped it in the play center box. No additional protection or packing. Not good.Thanks for asking,Jim Mulholland
3 ||| This story fills in the gap of Jeffery Sinclair's life from the end of Season 1 to the middle of Season 3 of Babylon 5. If you're looking for action, go elsewhere. The story's focus is on how Sinclair's paradigm was altered, a change not explained on the show. The novel succeeds in doing what it was intended to, and leaves the reader wanting more, as good writing should. If you were intrigued by the Sinclair character or just want to fill in the gaps of the B5 story, this book is worth it. BUT BE WARNED! This book is a spoiler if you haven't seen the season 3 episodes "WAR WITHOUT END" parts 1&2. Great book, though.
0 ||| I've read every Clancy novel featuring Jack Ryan, and I like all of them until this one. Yes, I know this is only fiction, but since Clancy cares so much about little details, shouldn't he at least create a world that looks like the one we live today? His idea about China and Chinese people seems to stay in the 1980's, and they're so stereotyped that it could only be called racism. Did he spend time to even study China and it's people? I think not. Also, his idea about economics are just plain stupid. He thinks that $100bln is such a large amount of money that it would somehow save Russia's economy. Do you know that $100bln is about what Russia gets from selling crude oil this year? A compleate waste of time and money!
4 ||| I love Les Mis, overall I will say that most of the performances were moving, there were several times during the program where I needed a tissue. The music always moves me to tears. Awesome performances, except for Nick Jonas, what were they thinking when they thought it would be a good idea to put this pathetic ameteur on stage with true professionals? With his weak voice and pained expression, it was pitiful to watch and just as painful to listen to. I wouldn't let it ruin my overall impression though. This is why I only gave 4 stars, ignore the meak and meager Jonas and you get 5. The encore was spine-chilling, the voices of the 4 Valjean's were stunning together, more crying from me here. Highly recommended.
4 ||| I had this book recommended to me because I was in the course of examining various issues concerning the interpretation of OT texts and, so far, this book has turned out to be the one that was, at the very least, best focused on the actual issue I was studying.Books on hermeneutics tend to be rather vague and formless, offering principles that are often so vague that they are of little help in actually making decisions of interpretation. I find 'He Gave us Stories' to be much more useful than the bulk of these books, besides, as I said, focusing on the actual issue I was studying.
3 ||| I think this book does what a great classic like Gulliver's Travels does, namely, make you laugh and think about human ethics at the same time. So I call it a Comedy of Morals. This too-perfect main character, the attorney Brian, has everything a man needs, except the ability to laugh at himself. (Trust me, before I married I met LOTS of these guys.) He is totally out of his element when he is stranded at a house with five really lovable (and weird) characters. My favorite is the supremely ugly little German fellow, Jubal, a fool in the best sense. During the course of one night, Brian gets a crash course in not taking himself so seriously. It's a fun book, thoroughly entertaining, and I couldn't wait until the end when (I hoped) the story would reveal just who the characters really were, and why they were there.
4 ||| I found STAR TREK VI THE UNDISCOVERD COUNTRY to be one the best ever from the special effects, musical score, and storyline. Everything that was sorely lacking in STAR TREK V is back in this film it deals with peace negoitations between the federation and the klingons and CAPTIN KIRK'S feelings of mistrust twoard the klingons. It turns out that there are others who feel the same way but I won't give it away finding out will suprise you that's all I have to say. GENE RODENNBERRY would have been proud of this film as the series gets back to it's roots. I thought NICHOLAS MYER and LEONARD NIMOY did a great job on this film it should've at least some kind of award for it's effects which were mind-blowing anyway this film is a must for all STAR TREK fans see it again and again like I have you won't soon forget it.
1 ||| Yet another mediocre addition to an already saturated market of casino based games. This game brings nothing new to the table. The graphics are very redundant and do very little if nothing to take advantage of the 2D/3D hardware which is present in the majority of gamer's machines at present. Bottom line, too little too late.
1 ||| She may be getting lazy. I think she needs to start thinking up some other subject matter. There is alot going on in the world and her readers are tired of the same old same old Mother and Daughter conflicts.
4 ||| I can't believe how much I learned from the FIRST episode of The French Chef! Julia Child makes French cooking amazingly approachable and gratifying. I felt like my best friend was walking me through her favorite recipe. Best of all, Julia thoroughly explains (and demonstrates) techniques that will improve even the simplest of meals. Bon appetit? Bon appetit indeed!
2 ||| 3 stars does not mean its a bad cd i just dont think this is worthy of 4 or 5 stars. There are a lot a good songs in this cd that dont quite fit next to one and other and dont give this cd that overall good album vibe, also there are alot of skibbable filler tracks which also let it down.Standout tracks"what do you know" "The night before" "Gods Work" "risky business" and "18\W a bullet"
2 ||| Have read all the books in this series, and literally got to read them again in this one. Clarke is one of the few authors in the world unafraid to plaigiarize himself. Several of the chapters of this extremely slim volume are word-for-word lifts from the other books.If your memory is bad or this is the first work of Clarke's that you've ever picked up, then you'll probably enjoy this little read, but I'd wait until it comes out in paperback if I were you
4 ||| This may be the greatest album so far of 2004.Jadakiss delivers some great lyrics to go along with the excellent beats. The good songs on this album are the hit singles "why" and "times up".Other great songs are "U make me wanna","kiss of death",and "welcome to d-block".Ther are some good guests on this album and even though im not a fan of Mariah Carey the song she guest appears on "U make me wanna"is the best song on the album.The only bad song on this record would be"hot sauce to go"which features Pharrell and of course is produced by the neptunes.I highly recomment this album for any rap fan out there,you will not be disappointed
4 ||| My 4 year old got this for his birthday party a few weeks ago. It has been his favorite toy. The plyers it comes with are ideal for little hands and after awhile little supervision is needed. He has come up with some pretty neat creations. Really instills creative play.
4 ||| I just got pick up this book from an used bood store and glad I did. It's a cute fun little book and since I've never read any of Tolkien stuff I had no problem enjoying the story, though how anybody can compare a loooooooong novel with a short book is beyond me.The pig was cute and funny and the hyper-clean eel was amusing. It kind of makes me want to have an eel for a watch-animal and companion too. The anti-guest witch was also funny to read even though she had a short role.Overall it's a nice book for an afternoon read where all the characters come out swimmingly in the end, even the bad guys, who weren't all that bad.
2 ||| What I sought when buying this album was a sequence of funky, mostly upbeat songs, not too repetitive, with some original melodies, use of computerized sounds, as well as this refreshing, contemporary feel to them. And thats pretty much what the album turned out to deliver. The first half of the album - mainly up to "Nausea" - is a sequence of cool songs, while the album gets more experimental and more downbeat towards the end - but still quite interesting. Favorite songs? IMO "Cellphone's dead" and "Elevator Music". Hits? "Think I'm in Love" and "Nausea".
0 ||| This one is nothing compare with the oder helloween albuns.Chameleon and Pink bubles don't have the real heloween music. I prefere the bands new and old albuns.
1 ||| This movie really isn't sure what it wants to be. Part Independence Day, part X-Men, and part Alien, it even makes references in passing to another Stephen King story, Stand By Me.Essentially the film can be divided into two halves -- the enigmatic first half where four thirtysomethings make moderate use of their ESP capabilities on their way through their professional lives, one flashback to 20-years-ago, towards a mid-winter cabin destination. In the second half, we get the ridiculous Alien/Independence Day sub-plot, with Morgan Freeman being forced to swear (frequently) in order to convince us that he's not the same endearing character from Se7en and the Shawshank Redemption.In the end, the Earth is saved -- my apologies if that ruins it for anyone -- but this dog's dinner should retain your attention for about an hour. Once the aliens turn up and start visiting people's bottoms, don't feel embarrassed about reaching for the fast-forward button.
2 ||| Not a bad movie, but not nearly as funny as it should have been. Pretty much all of the funniest parts were in the commercials, not suprisingly. And the parts that were funny, were carbon copy's of other funny scenes in other sandler movies. It's fun when you recognize a line here and there from other movies, but when there's entire scenes...it gets old fast. It also gets old seeing all the same people in all of his stupid movies. It's cool to see a cameo here and there, but it's always all the same loosers. If I could have avoided seeing it, I would. Kind of a disapointment. Dan Aykroyd had a minor role. The only thing good there was he mentions kallahan auto parts, which in the movie tommy boy, was the company he was trying to forcefully takeover from tommy kallahan.I miss Happy Gillmore :)
2 ||| Re-releasing this series with a new illustrator was a terrible idea and, frankly, completely missing the point of the originals. The stories themselves are a collection of sleepover tales and urban legends which, when taken alone, aren't particularly frightening. For those of us who enjoy this series, it was the original illustrations from the twisted mind of Stephen Gammell that made these "Scary Stories" truly scary; without them, the book is laughable. Helquist may be a talented enough artist, but he can't hope to duplicate the underlying terror of Gammell's illustrations.
3 ||| This movie was enormously funny and very suspenseful. Yet the director cut some of the best parts such as the quidditch world cup. I would have rated this 5 stars if not for the cuts.
1 ||| I saw this movie recently for the first time. I had already seen all 9 Friday the 13ths. This was okay, and it was an interesting concept, but it just wasn't that good. It was neither really scary nor funny. One scene with Johnny Depp's character, near the end, was hilarious, but that was it. It also did not explain how to kill Freddy, and the ending sucked. No offense.
2 ||| I found the novel to be a chilling look into what people would come to with out a society. Without rules or people to enforce the rules more so, young British schoolboys turn savage.
2 ||| The point being, presumedly, that humanity is incomprehensible to humanity? How is my understanding of, or sympathy toward, humanity improved by attempting to read and decode the word "Bababadalgharaghtakamminnarronkonnbronntonneronntuon- thunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoordenenthurnuk"? There are many far greater works that not only tell the same story, but are readable and even enjoyable. My apologies to those who like Finnegan's Wake, but humanity is not best served by having its story told in gibberish.
4 ||| If you like writing in times of old language, then this book is for you. I found it very refreshing as far as the real story, not like the one Disney has. If you like a different read, this book is a good one!
4 ||| If u are lookin for a good album with some soul into it this is the album to go get. I just bought this album and i only found a few songs that didnt suit me. But I think the following tracks are his best...2. Biscuits 5/54. Beat The Clock 4/55. Metal Lungies 5/513. Ghostface 3/514. Be This Way 4/515. Tooken Back 4/517. Run 5/5
4 ||| In 2002, Bunkka became his first official studio album when he signed to Maverick. Bunkka is a compilation of styles which Paul has learned to mix throughout his career; the blending in of progressive trance with goa makes the album different from other conventional dance album. The name Bunkka comes from Peter Gabriel's studio in the UK, where the album was recorded. An extended play was released featuring live versions of four songs under Peoplesound Records. It is also Oakenfold's best selling album to date, with sales largely exceeding 1 million copies worldwide.
0 ||| This book, was far too long, and was not at all appealing. The length of the book, bored me to tears, and was too hard for people unfamiliar with his work (i am though somewhat familiar but still his theories made no sense to me and lacked relevance in my life). The book went into painstaking great detail describing dreams and interpretations. His theories and interpretations were intriguing, and informative, but lacked any research to back up his theories.
2 ||| As an English teacher, I bought this recording so that my class could hear Wilde's witty repartee at stage-speed (we all know how slow reading in class can go...). I thought the recording was a fair representation of this quite hysterical play, but there were a few weaknesses that made it less valuable than I had hoped. The women mumbled a little at low volumes, which didn't work in my large classroom and old tape player. Also, the guys didn't like Algernon's voice, which sounded like a woman's and not at all like the rogue we pictured him to be. It was also necessary to keep the text out to read along, unless you've read it before, because the quick English clip of the actors masks some of the funnier lines.Over all, I would recommend this for Wilde lovers who are already familiar with the play and looking for an amusing car-stereo companion.
0 ||| To be frank it wasn't really my cup of tea. To be sure, it's very compelling at places and has some great information... but don't expect any characters to be happy at the end. Ever.Plot? Bright young lad goes to war over wise preants advice, two older brothers die,[...] child, horrible sluaghter, lad scared forever. Oh, and he's part of an ethnic minority.Maybe people who are in to depressing themselves would like this. It is well written. I still wouldn't recommend it.
2 ||| A simple easy to understand explination of a complex subject. Not required reading for engineers but if a machanic has you bamboozled this book could help.
4 ||| Is Ulysses the greatest novel of the century?Yes, surpassing all other literary endeavors in scope, depth, and intelligence.Is it unintelligible?No, nor is it undecidable, but only pointedly, significantly ambiguous.Why this quality?So that the reader must work as hard (if not harder)than the author himself did when composing the novel. And it is a composition.Why should the reader work?So that he/she might learn something substantial; so that he/she will be able to view the world with a new mind's eye.Does it suffice to read the book only once and quickly?Nope.Diagnosis for anyone who assigns the book less than five stars:idler; incapable of intense intellectual effort; probably likes vonnegut.
2 ||| Although his name appears in the credits, George Romero was in no way involved with this project. The new footage doesn't match the original. Despite a mountain of makeup, Bill Hinzman looks much older than his first incarnation of the cemetary zombie. What was he thinking? New cuts and fades, intended to improve the pacing of the film, seem premature and at times omit valuable dialogue. The prologue and epilogue add little importance overall,the main addition being a religious subplot which frames the entire story. Licina's newly recored soundtrack reminds me of bad MIDI files imbedded in somebody's web page. That being said, Night of the Living Dead: 30th Anniversary Edition suffers most from the lack of one person....George A. Romero.
3 ||| There was a lot of fluff writing in this book. The idea of the book is very solid and, at the same time, whimsical. They have an awesome life story to tell, but the writing itself doesn't do the story justice.
0 ||| Most fragile headphones I have ever bought. Just split in half in my hands after wearing them once.
0 ||| Hello, I ordered this product approximately two weeks before Christmas, and one week later received emails saying that my payment had been refunded because I returned the product. I did not even receive the product, so there is no way I could have returned it. I wrote two emails to the company trying to understand what had happened. My first email got the response that my money has been refunded, again not stating a reason. My second email got no response at all. Overall, this seems to be a shady company with poor representative skills.
0 ||| On the first use of The Progressive Int. Omelet Pan the non-stick surface failed, causing the omelet to stick and burn and rendering the pan useless for any future use. I would strongly recommend against the purchase of this omelet pan.
4 ||| Albert King recorded this CD on Wednesday June 26, 1968, one day prior to his more popular and better known release, "Thursday Night In San Francisco". This disc represents the first day that Albert performed at the Filmore as the headliner. Prior to that time, he had appeared as the opener for Jimi Hendrix and John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers. Albert's "best" performance that evening, as well as the next day, (according to Stax anyway) was originally released by Stax on the "Live Wire/Blues Power" CD. The songs contained on both, the Wednesday and the Thursday CD were thought to be a cut below and were not included. Fortunately for us, Stax took another look at the material, albeit 22 years later, and released the remainder of the material as it occurred on two separate discs. In order to gain a full understanding as to what occurred on those two nights, King fans should purchase all three of these excellent recordings. As with the other two discs, King's performance is outstanding.
4 ||| Whitman Glorified?Whitman's descriptions of nature are inspired and his style exudes with the same passion as his subject. Yet, his self-absorption overshadows his talent. Whitman's poem, "Song of Myself" takes up a significant portion of the book, Leaves of Grass. Here, Whitman keeps no points in reserve, but spends 52 sections "celebrating" himself. He feels he, as man, is the great panacea. He suckles at its mercy until it fills not only his subject matter, but influences his technique and his structure as well. His intriguing mind leads the reader along, until disappointment is found in another laborious passage expounding god status and the call to ascend to his level of distorted thinking. Whitman's momentary descriptive nuggets are lost in a sea of narcissism.
0 ||| From day one I filled up that thermos drove to work AND coffee was allover the the passenger floor, made my car stinks for few days, top of thermos and cover will leak, don't recommend it!
0 ||| The seller misplaced my books. Could it be they offered it too cheaply or just poor record keeping?
4 ||| This was a great game, but there are some drawbacks. The game is just too incredibly hard for the limited number of lives, and the boss battles (Particularly on the bridge of Immortality) are repetetive. A good game overall, buy it!
4 ||| I watched this movie after hearing a review saying it was one of the top five sports movies of all time. I'm not sure what I was expecting, because it's hard to imagine how fresh a story a football movie could have, but this one poured on the cliches on top of each other.The ending with the abusive father was completely unbelievable (in the literal way, not the blown-away way) and the rest of the movie just fizzled out at the end. There was very little character development, and I didn't get a sense that this was a real 'team'. Billy Bob's performance was mediocre for most of the movie. He turned this around completely for his "perfect" speech, which, in my opinion, is one of the most motivating speeches I've ever heard, and which I think might justfity watching this otherwise completely unremarkable movie.
0 ||| How do the publishers or Amazon get away with this? While I love The Hobbit dearly, and consider LOTR to be my favourite book, the pricing of the Kindle edition is ridiculous. It is *more* than the price of the hardback! I was considering picking up an electronic copy of the book for moments when I just want to dip into this classic and I'm away from home, but I won't be taken for a ride like this.
3 ||| Admittedly, my interest in Maile Meloy initially came entirely from my enjoyment of her younger brother Colin Meloy's band, the Decemberists. Meloy's debut short story collection is extremely promising in a lot of key areas: her stories have a strong sense of place, and she's got both a good ear for dialogue and a strong handle on narrative pacing. Things actually happen in these stories, in other words, something that can't always be said about similar short story collections. However, it seems that Colin inherited all of the family's sense of humor genes, as Maile's stories are almost relentlessly bleak and often downright depressing. A wider variety of emotional shadings would go a long way towards enhancing this collection.
0 ||| I was very much anticipating watching Fawlty Towers because of all the wonderful reviews given. I expected it to be witty, refined, and just plain funny, I found none of that. All I found was an extremely boring and unexpiring comedy. I don't see the humor in Basil falling down in every episode or slamming Manuel's head into the wall. After the first "uno, dos, tres" episode with Manuel, any other times Basil has a tough time communicating with Manuel, it just seems tired. There is no subtle humor because everything in the show is such an overtly over exaggeration. There is not an ounce of believability...I thought this comedy would be something the vein of The Office, Arrested Development, The Larry Sanders Show, Waiting For Guffman, etc. To say the least I was very disappointed...
0 ||| This DVD set is a huge disappointment. How could the DVD have FEWER matertials than the VHS version?! I was expecting to see not just what they have on the VHS, but also the ones they edited out, but no! They have 2 discs and this is all they could put in? I just couldn't believe it! Guess I should buy the VHS tape on eBay instead...
4 ||| Be Hopeful by Warren W. Wiersbe is part of his renowned and wonderful Be series digging deeply into each book of the Bible. Be Hopeful focuses on the book of 1 Peter. The book offers historical and spiritual insight while going through the book verse by verse and really breaking it down for readers. Each chapter ends with study questions for further reflection. Peter's message in this book was one of hope, despite the coming persecution he foresaw for followers of Christ, and every word of it is still relevant for believers today. It's an excellent study, and I hope to read more of the series.
1 ||| I hate electric pencil sharpeners and asked my sister if she could pick me up a hand crank one like the wall mounted one we had as kids. She came home with this. It does not stick well to a surface and you are lucky if you get through sharpening one pencil without it popping off the surface. One fall to the ground (which is inevitable with little kids) and the cover cracked. Save your money and buy one that screws into the wall and just mount it in the laundry room or the garage or something if you don't want to mess up your desk area.
2 ||| This was a decent but not engrossing read. The charecters were just not that compelling and while the storyline was original in that it did not recycle the same naive miss for the zillionth time it lacked a certain spark. It's a bad bookjust not engrossing. Still it's a decent read with likeable if somewhat shallow charecters and a fresh story line.
2 ||| Now I know that horror flicks aren't supposed to make alot of sense, but there comes a point where leaving too much unexplained and unaccounted for detracts from the quality of the movie. And that is the case with this film--how does Jason have a long-lost sister? What is the Necronomicon doing in the house? What's with the bounty hunter and his special dagger? Not very well thought out.
0 ||| This book has a message that everyone should read or hear. Unfortunately it is very repetitive and therefore somewhat boring.
2 ||| A Clockwork orange is a good choice for reading material if you have a lot of time and you feel like reading a book twice. I was very confused all through this book. It is not something that I would read again. I didn't care for the language, I found that it made it very difficult to understand and follow. The message of the book is sort of good. The people really want to help Alex but the way they go about it can be debated. Some people i'm sure will love this book, but I have found that this book wasn't for me.
3 ||| As some people would say that this book wasn't entertaining, I would have to agree- to a certain extent. Although I thought this book was tedious in some places, such as Xenocide, this did have many enthralling parts in it and I think that the things that happened to the characters in this book makes it worth reading. I did find the book slow in some parts but very entertaining on the whole. I gave it four stars because I am judging it against Ender's Game, and it didn't measure up to the overall depth to Ender's Game.
1 ||| Poor acting in a tale about a Jewish journalist who decides to infiltrate a band of Nazy skinheads in Germany. Some nasty violence, but it's never really scary enough, and the lead role can't decide if it's going to be wisecracking or serious. I didn't care for this.
0 ||| Okay, I'll admit that because of the series, I thought Michael Myers was going to be in it.Then I read that what they had planned to do was do different halloween horror movies, using the Halloween name, and no Michael Myers. Okay. Fine. I don't really care of MM anyway.So, knowing all THAT, I saw the movie.And honestly? I thought it sucked. You're waiting and waiting.. and okay yes, bugs are gross.. There's just so much that's unexplained.And.. yeah the ending is bizarre and creepy a little bit.. but not as much as I would have liked.I actually can say that I liked Nightmare on Elm Street 2 better. And that's one of the worst sequels in the world.I say avoid this movie unless you are INCREDIBLY curious.. And remember, you won't see the William Shatner masked maniac in this one.
1 ||| I COLLECT THE HARD BACK Star Wars books that go with each movie I almost didn't get this because it doesn't say episode III on it the first 2 list which ones they are but for some odd reason this one didn't.
0 ||| This is junk if you keep shaking it back and forth it will flicker on but not stay on I think the dollar store has beeter items than this
4 ||| Great shorts, have had them over a year. No problems, no snags, not coming apart. Good buy, except they keep sending their stupid catalog now that they got my address.
4 ||| Re-reading it now. A good balance between superfluous writing and practical observation of women in that era. I enjoy Little Women both for the natural and whimsical natures of the girls and have always been a fan of their funny personalities, especially Jo and Amy. Highly recommended.
3 ||| "Dawn Patrol" was Night Ranger's debut album, released in 1982 was a great rock record in the day, but for me it hasn't aged well. This sounded good when I was 22, but now at 51, some of these songs don't click anymore. The songs that still do it for me are: "Don't Tell Me You Love Me" #40 hot 100 and #4 mainstream rock, still a smoking' hot number. "Sing Me Away" #54 hot 100, "Eddie's coming Out Tonight" and "Night Ranger". The rest of the disc has gone flat for me now.
4 ||| This is a beautiful book. I have loved it for 20+ years and read it more than 20 times. Every time, it is as if I become a part of Francie. She is a daughter, a niece, a younger sister, the neighbor, the friend....she is so real to me. Look beyond the poverty to the wealth, beyond the filth to the clean heart, beyond the wrongness to all that turns out right, all because of Francie's strength of character. This is a story that may be over 50 years old, but is just as new as if it were written yesterday.
4 ||| Excellent book for a beginner, but I think this book has a big focus on "never touched a computer" type beginner. If you are a tad familiar with what IIS is and the concept of a web server, you will need to skip about 100 pages. It is a good book for an intermediate programmer, since this book does cover all the bases of what you should know about ASP.NET. What I didn't like about this book is that it gives a basic explaination, but never builds it up to something difficult. It explains something basic and keeps the example basic. It should build up to examples that are a little more real world and difficult. If you are a newbie however, I would give this book 5 stars. But, I think most "beginners" have some idea with what this web stuff is all about.
2 ||| I grew up in a household in which no one had even heard of a salad spinner let alone used one. I have worked for several years in the restaurant industry and I find having a salad spinner indispensable. I use one every day. For those of you who are not used to using one, they can only be compared to beating your clothes against a rock rather than washing them in a machine. You get your greens much cleaner and they are nice and dry when you finish so the dressing doesn't slide off. I use the outer bowl to soak the greens in and then I dump them in the strainer part and spin away. Easy. The pump model is great because you can use it with only one hand (feel free to use your other hand for any purpose you like) and the OXO construction, as usual, is solid. You will wonder what you did before you owned this.
4 ||| Anyone who hears this song and isn't mesmerized, then haunted, is deaf. I heard it in my car and almost wrecked. The most beautiful!
0 ||| As a beginnng Spanish student, I find the book cluttered and overwhelming. Also, a more organized approach to the subject would help. My foreign language background is French, so I am familiar with how to study a different language.
0 ||| I bought this watch looking for a "classic" time-piece go with suits and more formal dress. The band that comes with the watch is a strange clasp/hybrid that is hard to close. The band is also brown (and not black as it appears in the picture). The face is white and the hands are silver making it very hard to read in some light. Also the face is plastic and not crystal and scratched within a week or so.I would avoid this watch.
4 ||| A light-headed description of our friend GOD. Almost all of him! This book'll make you think, make you laugh yourself to tears, make you wish it never ends. Will bring something new everytime you read it over and over and over again.
4 ||| This was one of the first mice I ever bought. I've had it for at least four years and it's performed reliably with every computer it's been connected to. I've brought it with me from job to job and back and forth from home and have never had any problems with it. The buttons always click crisply and the wheel revolves easily. Now I'm buying another one to permanently connect to my home laptop workstation so I can leave one at work and one at home.
4 ||| A little dragging at first, but now I wouldn't have it any other way. Emma was hard to sympathize with in the begining. She is naive, snobbish and presumptuous. By the end, however, I was praying for her and Knightley to get together. Austen is witty as usual. She is a wonderful narrator. You might wanna check out Pride and Prejudice, which I loved. Her writing is Romantic though, so if that's not your thing, you should think twice before picking up an Austen. She may be wordy, but her writing is by no means difficult to read.
0 ||| Totally fake, unrealistic, plotless. I love action movies, but this one just didn't have any action in it. You could see the missed punches and fake reactions--I can't believe that anyone would pay money for this movie
2 ||| This book needed to be, in my opinion, at least two hundred pages longer to fully explore all the ideas that were brought up. I liked how it was written and all the cameos by other famous vampires/historical figures, but what I didn't like was the ending. The killer I thought was a real let down, as was how he was eventually caught. And the way Dracula was presented at the very end....ugh. Not good at all.I guess if you're really bored and desperately want to read a vampire novel, this will do. Otherwise, steer clear of this book.
4 ||| The Hobbit is a classic book and I really enjoyed the audio version. Rob Inglis has a great voice which is easy to listen to. He does the characters well and the songs better. There was not 1 part where I lost intrest. I highly recommend this audio cd.
2 ||| One of the pros is that its strapless & worked for me in the Summertime! HOWEVER the con of this product is if you have a little back fat this product does not hide it, intead it created a buldge at the top :( If you want to reshape your waist as well as reduce your back fat...I would go with the vest cause it hides all your back fat!!!! :)
4 ||| This film is one you may not have heard of, it had a limited release and was shown in many smaller, lesser known theatres. Brendan Gleeson is f@#ing brilliant and Don Cheadle plays the straight man, and they make an incredible team. A truly great film.
0 ||| Ok i got these thinking my son will feel comfortable being able to stay afloat but they barely fit on his arms and he is 2 years old.
1 ||| Had I known the religious nature of this book I would have passed it up and will do so for any book by this author. It was fairly entertaining with lots of action. Not being aware of the innacuracies it didn't bother me, but the constant references to religion did. It should be listed in the religion category.
4 ||| I bought this because I wanted a sturdy smaller type spatula. It is well made and is used a lot around my house. Good for cookies, brownies, oh for just about anything you want to use it for.
2 ||| I am glad that I read this book, but it's not the best crime thriller and for those used to great things from P.D. James it's a little disappointing.Few crime writers do character development as well as James, but if she'd just reigned it in a little this book would've gone from good to great. We don't need to know the history of every little side character. Also, the motivation for the central murder was not convincing.Overall: 3 stars out of 5.
1 ||| This book does a fair job of covering the topic. I found it semi-useful. I would not recommend it however. Other books give you more value for the money. I would recommend the Java Tutorial series or; Just Java 2 by Peter Van der Linden, those are great learning books. They give you real value for your money. They do a great job of helping you learn what you need to, to get your programming assignments done at work. The Sun Java website has also been very helpful to me. There, you can find anything you need to without wasting 50 bucks for a book that does not help you that much.
3 ||| Seems like i've read this story before in a Spenser novel. Disguising the detective as a woman didn't fool me, and I don't think it'll fool many others. And Sunny was completely unbelievable. Although, RB Parker did manage to make her into a male fantasy: gorgeous, perfect body, guilt-free casual sex, completely self-assured...yeah right. Haven't met too many of hose.
4 ||| best ever. Incapipal. Incredibal acting, writing, directing, and great screen shots! All the fire is real. My personal favorite. Seen it 7 times!
1 ||| The board is what it is. Paying more than 30% for shipping really hurt. However, I couldn't find anyone else selling this.
3 ||| For what I use Outlook for, I guess the best change is the asthetics. I find this program easy to use to keep my life organized and it works beautifully with my HP iPAQ111.
4 ||| This is a great book...sadly, I just didn't like it as much as I did 30?? years ago...but that's me; not Bradbury. I've been reading a book of 100 of his best stories, and it reminded me how incredible a writer he is. I hate to say it, but I don't think there are many imaginations like his anymore....imagination is, I fear, a casualty of the push into cyber space....I also love that many of his short stories refer to other classic writers, like Edgar Allan Poe...and remind (me) to read them again.
0 ||| I am a student from Saxton Middle school. Although it seems I am the only person who expressed my feelings for this book negativly my feelings are true. This book was BORING and students do not have to go threw the pain and sorrow. Sorry if any one got offended.
2 ||| We needed replacement glue sticks so bought these ... but it turned out that these glue sticks are TINY, they are not at all the size we needed/expected. They're almost "toy" glue sticks. Their diameter is maybe 2/3 the diameter of a pencil, *not* approx 1/2-inch diameter that our glue guns normally use. I suppose we MIGHT be able to jam 2 or 3 of these into the input of a glue gun, but I haven't tried that yet. I've never even seen a glue gun that these would "natively" fit in...So, "caveat emptor" -- if you want TINY glue sticks, these are what you want. If you want normal, full-size glue sticks, look elsewhere. (I wish I had read this review before I had ordered!)
3 ||| At my old house, I had a wrap organizer that stuck to the wall with tape? putty? well, it didn't screw it and it just stuck to the wall. I really liked it but I had to leave it. At my new house, I figured I would get a wrap organizer that screws in so I could take it when I move again. Well, it just keeps falling. I even bought double-sided tape and that doesn't work either. There's so many positive reviews for this screw-in wrap organizer I wonder if I'm doing something wrong. Regardless, I'm going to get another organizer that sticks to the wall. I love having the different wraps out of the cupboard and off the counter.
2 ||| I wanted to buy this song but couldn't figure out how to do it from the webpage. I don't have any problem buying Apple products, or ATT products or anyone else's products. But I could not figure out how to buy a song from Amazon.
4 ||| Lots of basic, common-sense advice. Low score because book spends a deal of time cross-plugging other Haldane books and promoting their consultant services. I'd say the book is a good buy to get you motivated and remind you of do's and don'ts before an interview.
1 ||| This must be on a flat surface or eggs/mix will run away. Size was larger than the picture and pancake mix kind of got stuck on the edges.
0 ||| Oh yeah, THAT's what we all wanted: another live Stones album! The band's in okay form, albeit somewhat passionless, but the song selections (yet more retreads of Brown Sugar, Jumping Jack Flash, Satisfaction et al) are unimaginative in the extreme. Pretty darn unnecessary, when it comes down to it.
4 ||| This book basically puts forward a theory that the founders just established the Constitution for their own personal economic gain. This book is well-researched, but its premise is totally flawed. Moreover, it tries to portray all of the founding fathers as self-serving and looking out for their own economic interests. It doesn't really explain why some of the wealthiest colonists and statesmen such as George Mason and Elbridge Gerry refused to sign on. Moreover, I'd recommend that any student of the Constitution, study the writings of the framers and the Constitutional debates to answer these charges. I also recommend _The Founder's Constitution_ set, edited by Phillip Kurland and Ralph Lerner. It is an excellent tool for examining original intent. The renowned constitutional scholar, Forrest McDonald, does an excellent job introducing this book and debunking its controversial charge towards the Constitution.
0 ||| I can't imagine why anyone would praise this film. Okay maybe it is a reality check for our society, but so what?? It's a horribly acted, horribly scripted, uncreative, unoriginal and VERY exploitive film. The mere fact that it accurately depicts the lowest form of young degenerates in American society doesn't by itself make this a good film. Any idiot can film a bunch of teens having sex, getting intoxicated, beating up and raping people. But the film doesn't go beyond these depictions. it doesn't offer any solutions or explore the root causes of such behavior. And how many times do we need to be shown teens having sex or being raped to get the message? One time was shocking enough to be educational. Three or four times turns it into simple exploitation. This is little more than glorified child pornography.
4 ||| This toy has so many possibilties: the bowls click together and stack, they can be nested inside each other in bowls, they can be balanced opposite ends on each other, and they can be clicked together in balls. The toy is made with solid construction and seems that it will last a long time.My 10-month old son loves this toy. He likes to shake the jingle ball and enjoys taking the stacked bowls apart. Now that he can crawl around, he'll chase after the balls when they're together. My 2-year-old even gets in the act, clicking the pieces together to make the balls, and she likes that the numbers are printed on the pieces.It's a terrific design and can be used to teach balance, sizes, colors, numbers, and movement.
1 ||| Stranded and lost alone in the mountains of West Virginia, six teenagers of the anoying kind long since thought dead after 'Scream' find out what Southern hospitality means whilst running from three in-bred hillbillies hell-bent on making human jambolaya.Completely irony-free, this is a cross between a Friday the Umpteenth slasher flick and The Hills Have Eyes - taking neither the humour from the first or subtlety from the latter. The film gives only a brief mention of 'Deliverence' and completely ignores 'Southern Comfort' when a more accomplished director would have paid better homage and at least given a subtle nod to the movies from which it is born.As the 'jumps' are broadcast with the subtlety of a hammer, this movie does as least become unintentionally funny as they run around the dense West Virginia forest generally screaminga la Shaggy and Scooby.At least the scenery is nice.
3 ||| Of Mice and MenOf Mice and Men was a good book, I recommend it to anyone who likes a good short book. It's full of fun and adventure. But it had its ups and downs. It is not a bad book, I think that I would read it again, but not for a while, I would like to watch the movie first so I can compare if it is even close to how the book goes. I only like one character and that's Lennie, he is very funny at some points, and sad at other points in the book. Over all it was a good book to read if you like to read books.
4 ||| There is such a thing as being too nice. This book is a good read for most women. I will definitely take it into consideration in my next relationship.
2 ||| I ordered three dvd's one was the pair including "Its a Wonderful Life" and "White Christmas" White Christmas is fine but Its a wonderful life is 'NOT READABLE'- would you like it returned & how do I go about this?If it helps you track my order I also ordered ' "A Christmas Carole" with Patrick Stewart which is fine.Please advise how I can exchange the blank dvd for a good copy of 'Its a wonderful Life'.thank you, Nancy
2 ||| adventure company does not respond to pleas for help in correcting persistent problems in running this program,their response mirrors the theme of this game
3 ||| We received on time...number 1. Number 2 we really like this. My girls, ages 9 and 10 are in soccer and the day they got it they spent 2 hours using it. Even my 6 yr old boy uses it and thinks it is awesome. The velcro straps that hold the ball in place are well made. It does take about 3-5 min. to put the straps around the ball depending on if the straps have been tangled with or not. Other than that...great product. I used it myself and it gives you a good workout and helps with coordination of the ball and ball contact reflex.
0 ||| It's those damn bullets!We all know this movie is about attacking the Constitution and the few remaining fragments of our right to bear arms.Every Michael Moore movie is unwittingly a documentary on the dangers of "Super Sizing" your every hourly meal. Everybody, don't eat super-sized fast food meals every hour on the hour. It will turn you into a big fat bloated greasy whale and it severely lowers your IQ.
4 ||| Bearing through the storm of unexpected ailment and deterioration in a loved one is never a sought-out experience. Kathy Boswell guides and prepares the reader for such a journey in YOUR MOTHER HAS SUFFERED A SLIGHT STROKE with clarity and honesty. Tackling the throes of hushed medical propoganda, retirement home adjustments, and neurological damage, she leads and enlightens through persistence born by love. We would be wise to share in her journey for our own family emergencies with are certain to arise.
2 ||| This is a standard size backpack, not kid-sized. They should make that clearer. Their service at least, in crediting my account upon receiving my return, was very good.
4 ||| If you are expecting a big payoff from 3001, you'll be shortchanged. This book does have an audience however---10 to 14 year old kids with an active imagination. This is not meant as a put down. 3001 is just the kind of book that stirs the pot of an enthusiastic youngster. My suggestion to adults is to read the book, give it to a young person and then have a dialog with them exploring facets and implications of the book. That is when the fun will begin, and you may be in for a few surprises that even Arthur Clarke wouldn't think of.
0 ||| This song only made me feel extremely sad. I hated it. Was it supposed to be backhanded uplifting or something?
0 ||| I do a lot of my amazon purchasing on my iPhone. For some reason I was not informed that I was buying a DVD that would not work in any american devices. I tried to return the item but was told I would have to pay for shipping from US to UK... More then the price of the DVD
0 ||| this is very cheap, broke almost right out of the package. I bought it to work with kids at church, a fun game to use with singing time. It didn't even make it 1/2 way around the room. A tooth stuck down, it wouldn't allow the mouth to stay open. My son was able to fix it by unscrewing the base and fiddling with it. So not worth the price. It's much smaller than I had expected. Very expensive for what it is. I only expect it to break again, so I am going to return it.
0 ||| Don't buy this gym! Get a bigger one!We have a small house so I thought the smaller gym would be a good idea, but I really regret it. The pieces don't fit together quite right and things hang a little crooked, and it was hard to put together. The toys are not very fun or educational. Last, the narrow width is really bad - once your baby gets excited in the gym and tries to roll over, they can't - they will be prevented by the narrowness and the toy bar. One one of the larger square gyms, rolling over would be no problem, and rolling over is such an important skill. I feel like another gym would have offered a lot more possibilities and growth! I would NOT buy this one again. While I am glad there is a low-priced option for people who really can't afford a larger gym, don't buy this gym if you can possibly afford a bigger one!
4 ||| Sigh . . . if only this film had been the start of a trend, horror films might have had some place to go. But then, it's a singular vision which cannot be duplicated. Michele Soavi, the director, contributed in various ways to many of Dario Argento's films but DELLAMORTE DELLAMORE leaves those (mostly) empty exercises in style and atmosphere far behind. The student has exceeded the teacher, creating a modern masterpiece that uses horror imagery to explore much weightier territory. A wonderful film that will someday be found and appreciated by a wider audience.
3 ||| The newest installment has the lovable dinos meeting a new and unique creature named Guido. Guido has no memories of who or what he is other than his name. It is up to Littlefoot and the gang to help Guido find his place in the world. Petrie has the most to gain from associating with Guido because like Guido he is having a hard time fitting in with the other flyers. Petrie is having trouble getting ready for the day of the flyers (his rite of passage to become an adult) because he must learn to fly in formation with his siblings. However, he is only good at flying when alone. The whole premis of the movie is that Guido and Petrie learn that it is OK to be different and to accept who you are.
2 ||| After several futile attempts, I was literally forced to read this novel for school. I found that the reason I had such difficulties beginning it, was due to its monotonous and dull beginning. Once past that section, Great Expectations dramatically lifts. I found the whole idea of a women stopping her clocks and living in darkness due to unrequited love a little morbid, yet also slightly romantic, and I found myself disliking the main character with a vengence. Not his best, certainly, but still okay.
4 ||| The most amazing respected career of any band in history is finally documented.Thank you guys for allowing this to be produced.We are so lucky to have these guys still kickin' after all these years.Immortal!
0 ||| I found areas of this book that contained information that would make individuals needing to lead a gluten free life style ill. There were several poor suggestions in this book and also poor information regarding some of the products mentioned as NOT being gluten free that are!There are great books out there to help Celiacs! This is certainly *not* one of them.
2 ||| First of all I really would like to give this a 4.5, but of course that's not possible. Ghostface hits us with another dope album, probobly his most solo album yet. There are no Wu-Tang guest appearances, but Rza produces a couple tracks. This album is really soulful, the background vocals and the beats just have that old school feel, which I like. My favorite tracks are Biscuits feat. Trife, Beat The Clock, Metal Lungies feat. Sheek & Styles, It's Over, Holla, Ghostface, Run feat. Jadakiss, and Love feat. Musiq & K. Fox. The other tracks are good, there's no wack stuff on this album. The most important thing about this CD is that it's real Hip-Hop music which I feel is coming back in a big way. If you're a fan of Ghostface or Wu-Tang you should definitley cop this. Don't be fooled by the single Tush with Missy, this isn't a party album, it's a Hip-Hop album.
4 ||| Just like how I remember it from my childhood. Quality was great and the story was exactly the one you expected to read.
0 ||| I read this with great anticipation and was let down. The characters are trite, a little sterotypical and the interaction between the two main characters was laughable at times. This novel plods and moves but never really engrosses you. In fact you begin to forget the mystery.
0 ||| I'm surprised at complaints as to the length of the series, considering those that complain have also read all seven books. If it's too long, stop reading! (as others have said as well) Personally, I enjoy Jordan's drawn out style (get my money's worth). If you're the kind of person that likes to pay twenty-five dollars for a two hundred page book, fine. I'd rather pay the same twenty-five and get 600 to 800 pages of complex dramatic, humourous, engaging reading.
3 ||| This lever was purchased for my elderly mother who is recovering from rotator cuff surgery. She can now raise and lower her recliner without a lot of effort.
1 ||| I am using this to help keep my acne under control. You have to be careful about the dose, I take it twice a day for a total of 50,000 iu which is a lot. I check my liver function tests on a regular basis. Liver toxicity has been reported on doses as low as 15,000 iu per day. Check with your doctor before you take this product. If your doctor has no idea, find another doctor!
4 ||| I read an abridged version of this book for the first time in 6th grade and the full version of it in 10th and i absolutely loved it both times. Jane Eyre IS suitable for young readers and i am sure that many will enjoy it. A great novel and a beautiful love story, truly a masterpiece!
0 ||| I was a little disappointed. If you see a photo of these online or in a catalog they look kind of rugged and adjustable. Up close you'll notice there all plastic and there isn't any adjustment for different head sizes. Who knows? If you like to overdo it with bass and have a big fat head these might be a perfect fit for you.
3 ||| Dreamscape has a great cast of actors and an interesting story,but the special effects are often cheesy and the production style is a little weak.In the hands of a better producer,this could have been a much better film. It looks a little cheap.
2 ||| My review of this book, will be much like the book itself.The book introduces you to basic concepts as any good book should. It follows up with a quick refresher on C++ topics whichwill be used, and explains why. It hastily progresses to quicklyskim different types of nerual-networks in a review.My personal problem is the implimentation of these NNs.The author does a good job of explaining what the types of NNsare good for certain goals, but by the next NeuralNetwork topic, has failed to go anywhere with it.Overall there is no buildup or end goal with the book, just a detailed code elaboration of various NN concepts. Granted, takingtheory and explaining it into code terms must be a difficult task. For myself, I feel left with only a partial book. Its a good "introduction" text, but it lacks body to really do alot with it.
3 ||| This is one of those incurable disease flicks designed to make you cry. I didn't, but then again, maybe it wasn't as effective as it could have been. It reminded me of a remake of "Love Story," the '60s film. Actually, it fooled me for the first two thirds. I didn't see the disease angle coming. It's a chick flick, no doubt. But guys will like it up to a point.
0 ||| Warning!this is the laserlight version and is cheaply made with very poor sound and a very poor picture.It certainly is NOT "mastered from the best available sources".In fact this version is shorter than the other available one,suggesting that the print it was copied from must have been cut due to a degraded print.The "introductions" by Tony Curtis to the laserlight copies look as if they were all filmed in one morning.Get the other version.
0 ||| Beware, these DVD's are only in Japaese. I don't understand it and I don't read subtitles. Well I've been bitten by this I only hope others read this and avoid problems... at no stage was it indicated that it was in anything apart from Eglish.
4 ||| What happened to Bone Thugs N' Harmony? These talented, gritty, street rappers from Cleveland have turned into soft pretty boys. I respect this album, espcially tracks 2 and 5 (The Righteous Ones and Ectacsy respectively), but I find myself searching hard for other top songs. Especially after song 10, this album becomes down right soft. I would only suggest this to diehard fans, but then again, you would already have this album.
3 ||| This was a good book, but it lacked the crisp answers we are used to seeing in a Grafton book. It had a good basic plot line, but the obvious red herrings detracted from the story. The ending, while interesting, did not wrap, or tie in, all of the story lines and subplots. A good read, but not the emotionally taut novel O is for Outlaw was. Still, it held your interest even with the predictable ending. I'll buy Q when it comes out.
2 ||| Well its Patrick Swayze and Keanu Reeves in a movie about surfers who rob banks and sky dive. I have no idea what else to say about this movie. It is what it is and it ain't what it ain't.
3 ||| I was not happy witht he listing of the book I ordered being very good, I felt it should have been listed as good or OK condition. I emailed loopteck and Bob got back to me the following day. Though he could not change the condition of the book, he understood my not being happy and provided the proper customer service to compenesate. I was originally convinced that I would not order from this service again, but now I would consider ordering from them again.Thank you Bob for standing behind your product.
1 ||| This is an excellent book, one I have read many times. Five stars for the story. Never have I read it in such a garbled edition, though. Zero stars to Bison Books. Chapter one (which was as far as I got) contained ten typos, some actually changing the meaning of what was going on ("turned and confronted the party" becomes "turned and _comforted_ the party".) If you haven't read Arcturus, you'll just be confused by textual errors in what is already a demanding book. Nice cover, though.
0 ||| This product absolutely sucks. It's flimsy and not well designed. My wife just laughed at it when i installed it and refuses to go near it because it looks like it will just fall off the wall. A total waste of cash.....
4 ||| This is a very dark, I suspect, realistic story of the very early days of a part of the music business. The prejudice the African American artist had to fight, the struggle to be taken into the record fold.It was a very difficult life they led, leading to drugs, violence, etc, the language is rough,...BUT, it is very interesting, and the music is amazing. Beonce is a perfect Etta James, maybe even better than Etta herself !!!
3 ||| It looks great playing on the ps3 and it is really really fun, but you just don't get enough to justify its $60 price tag. I love this game, but it just needs some more tracks and vehicles. Maybe even a few more game modes. Split screen wouldn't be a bad idea either come to think of it. But great racing game if you can get it at a discount price
1 ||| There is very little of 'Deluxe' about this case. It is somewhat ordinary and cheap-looking, and functionally poor. It is rather small for the size of the camera it is supposed to house. Recommendation: look for something else and buy this only if no other options are available. But it is cheap, that's true.
3 ||| Yo, this is a great album. Mary J., The LOX, DMX, Freeway, Beanie Sigel, Jay Z, Queensbridge,Cam'ron, Fabolous, Flipmode(some of them anyway),Raeqwan, Ghostface(I don't particulary like this guy I think he is wack), Slim Shady, Royce, Meth, The Dogg Pound, Some of SNS, Foxy Brown, Lil Kim, Memph Bleek, CNN(part of QB), Mobb Deep(partof qb too), and Redman make this album attractive to almost all rap fans. The Jay-Z freestyle is weak, But everything on this is tight except The Foxy Brown and Lil Kim songs everything else is straight. The hottest tracks are RED(Redman), What da beat(Method Man, Royce, and Em),Coming for you(B.Sigel and Free), and Best of Queens[IMD, (Mobb Deep that is)].
3 ||| I bought this carrier (though in a different color) from an individual when my daughter outgrew her first infant carrier. It was the only carrier I could find that wasn't framed but still held a slightly larger child. My daughter was almost a year when I got it. We have a framed carrier as well, which is great for hiking, etc. But I like that I can put her in this one and run in the store without looking like I got lost mid-mountain trek. My daughter loves it and is very comfortable. It's a great deal, too, when you look at the prices of some of these things. You can usually find good carriers used as well, so check out resale shops. I haven't had a problem at all with the buckles but, of course, I always check them before I trust them to carry my little girl.Save money and get cash back when you shop online![...]
2 ||| Great item as expected from Tweezerman. My only complaint is that they are smaller than normal size and I have large hands.
3 ||| No one describes a creature like Alan Dean Foster! Hands down, the very best. His silverslith sent shivers down my arms. I've read it many times, and I even use it to teach my students how to write a descriptive paragraph. His mind knows no bounds when inventing animals, plants, and humans. Probably my favorite fantasy book of all times (though Mid-Flinx) comes in a close second.
4 ||| This is a well written, well research book that combines a political and historical analysis of race. While examining black women the reader gets the bitter taste of racism in American politics. This book crosses multple genres and will be useful in virtually any social science and humanities courses.I also think that the lay reader will find this book interesting.
3 ||| While there exists little in Chinese history that is not thoroughly fascinating, Sterling Seagrave manages to tirelessly and in great detail, unsubstantiate every myth surrounding the last empress of China. She no longer maintains any sort of mystique, as it has been entirely laid bare by someone who is too intent on debunking the half-truths presented by the Europeans. Previous reviews that state that the book lacks of biographical element have it right, with as much pomp and circumstance as possible, the author seeks to prove his postion as a self-proclaimed "expert" rather than relaying the story of what could have been a truly fascinating woman.
4 ||| I got tired of packing and unpacking the charger for my PowerBook everyday, at home and work. This adapter is a great option. It works fine and is a much better buy.
4 ||| Great product, as good as I had expected. OXO has always provided consumers with the best tools for the kitchen.
4 ||| Not only is Jessica the sexiest woman ever, the movie actually gives a little insite to life in Los Angeles during the time before the freeway system we all know. Most people didnt know LA actually did have a great mass transit system at one time so even though this movie pokes fun at a lot of things it is based on some truths. the coupling of Disney and Warner Bros cartoons was also a first, Mickey and Bugs in the same scene. and did I mention Jessica?
2 ||| Version: U.S.A / Paramount / Region FreeMPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / AACSAspect ratio: 1.78:1Running time: 1:34:24Movie size: 27,39 GBDisc size: 30,92 GBTotal bit rate: 38.69 MbpsAverage video bit rate: 31.88 MbpsDolby TrueHD Audio English 2193 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 2193 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)Dolby Digital Audio English 224 kbps 2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbps / Dolby SurroundDolby Digital Audio French 224 kbps 2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbps / Dolby SurroundDolby Digital Audio Spanish 224 kbps 2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbpsSubtitles: English SDH, English, French, Portuguese, SpanishNumber of chapters: 23#Audio Commentary with Director#Extreme Close-Up (SD - 23 minutes)#Theatrical Trailer (HD - 2 minutes)
0 ||| sturdy, but a little boring on its own. baby doesn't always fit neatly into cradle but overall a sturdy, well-made toy
3 ||| While there are many books about job finding on the NET. Ms. Smith's book is written for the average person not the net-head. You'll learn how to navigate the net and bring home the information you need to become a successful online candidate!
1 ||| one size does not fit all if you are like me, an average adult male. this fits like a small when it should be a large.
2 ||| For a movie that is relatively new (1992), and for $17.99, I certainly expected the quality to be right up there with Crouching Tiger or Flying Daggers. Disappointed! I do have a number of older - seventies - Chinese movies on DVD that are much worse, mind you, but those older movies were usually less than ten dollars, often closer to five.The movie itself probably warrants four stars, but again, the price for this "bootleg" quality DVD is about double what it should be.
4 ||| Apparently you have to be born a comedian, and born with a good business sense too. Then you keep practicing, practicing, practicing, in the clubs, not just in front of the mirror, then you might realize your dreams. In the opening chapter, an authority tells us that there are only 20 comedians who are really any good. The statistical chances of comedy success? Not really mentioned. Authors like people to be happy with their books. While you read the book, you can become anything you want. When reality sets in, at least you had fun when you read the book. But initiative, courage, and persistence, which are recommended, are good qualities in any field, so if you can't make it here, you can take these nice qualities with you in some other endeavor.
3 ||| As an older guy watching something geared more for a younger crowd, I would sit and watch this almost shaking my head in disbelief that I WAS watching this....and usually having a good time. It's brainless, but fun, like Mike Myers' stupid grin.The humor is really stupid, silly, crude at times, innocent at times but funny many times. All that adds up to is an an hour-and-a-half of entertainment, so at least it succeeds in what it's trying to accomplish. So, even if it is far from a classy comedy, so what? How many are these days?I can't knock something - even if this dumb - that makes me laugh. Apparently a lot of people agreed as it produced a sequel.
4 ||| My youngest daughter - in college - seems very well pleased with this selection... like the professor gave her a choice, right?
4 ||| Until I saw this film, I was beginning to seriously doubt the ability of Hollywood to produce engaging, powerful, epic films. My faith is renewed.In part, the film is a tremendous success because it conveys the notion of what it means to be a good person. Russell Crowe as general Maximus shows the viewer that a man (or woman) must act from integrity, and not from self interest. In the film, Maximus has the opportunity to return to his beloved family, so long as he will endorse the depraved emperor Commodus. Maximus does not act from self-interest, but rather from integrity by rejecting the murdeous emperor. As a result, he loses everything, but not his dignity.The film notes how words like 'honour' and 'trust' had lost meaning in the Roman Empire, and similarly poses the question of whether those words have today lost meaning for the viewer.This film is a must see! It is a classic already.
2 ||| i like this lbt but the one on dvd and tv is difrent and difrent and new isnt always better its mesing someting
1 ||| This, the Wilder Publications edition of The Everlasting Man, is an egregiously cheap and nasty edition of a great book. It is printed on oversize pages with very narrow margins in an apparent effort to reduce printing costs to a minimum. Overall, the production quality is on a par with an instruction manual that might come with a no-name hair dryer or computer part from East Asia, or, actually my first thought was off-brand Dungeons & Dragons extension materials circa 1976. You will be much happier with the Ignatius Press edition for only $1.00 more, which is the one I would have gone for had it been easier to locate on Amazon. I plan to return this and get the Ignatius Press version instead, or possibly Volume 2 of the Collected Works.
0 ||| The problem with these new-fangled showerheads is that everything is made of plastic, including the showerhead holster. This makes no sense, especially when the showerhead in question is quite large and heavy. The one I ordered broke *less than a day* after I'd installed it, so I had to return it for a refund. I can't urge you strongly enough to avoid this product at all costs, but I appreciate the time you took to read this little review.
2 ||| I spent several hours trying to install this card into a new computer build that has a windows 7 64 bit OS.First I found out that the 64bit Vista drivers from MSI's website wouldn't work. (and as of 11/03/09 I still don't see any windows 7 drivers for either 32bit or 64 bit) But then I found out that the chip manufacturer for the board has a "generic" 64 bit driver. The company is called Ralink. Look for the RT256x chip driver on ralink's website. (I would post the link, but amazon appears to remove it if you do) Once you download and install it, the card will work quite well in Windows 7 (don't forget to uninstall the MSI driver first).So overall the card is pretty decent. I get good connection speeds and it reliably links up every time I power on the computer. But the driver for windows 7 just doesn't appear to be available yet. So I give it an overall rating of 3.
4 ||| This CD is CPD's most original album in my opinion. They are able to put good ska (which I usually hate) and swing together to make a truly awesome blend of music. The Lifeboat Mutiny is probably my favorite song of all time. - JeePhunk@aol.com
2 ||| I purchased the DVD video Ponyo and when I tried to play it I found that it is not "region compatible." Apparently when a DVD is purchased from another country (I purchased it through Amazon) there are compatibility issues and will not play on USA players. I didn't realize that it was being shipped from England.
2 ||| This CD has the attributes of being thoughtful & catchy at the same time. Mattias Olsson (of progressive band Anglagard) and his wife have made some very engaging - if not "timeless" - pop music. The inclusion of some non-"pop" instrumentation furthers their cause. This is hummable and memorable stuff & should appeal to fans of Anglagard as well as fans of Kate Bush!
3 ||| This is a great video that teaches the basic letter sounds. I got it when my youngest was almost 3 and his brother was 4. They both already knew their letters and most of the sounds, but this really solidified it for them. They were quickly ready for the Talking Words Factory and the Code Word Caper. The Code Word Caper introduces long-vowel sounds which are not addressed in the first two videos. The only reason I give this four stars instead of five is because one of the characters, Mr. Websley, is a cantankerous, bossy, and demanding fellow. Not exactly a great role model for the kids. I'm VERY picky about what my children watch, so I'm guessing that for most people, this would not be terribly bothersome.
4 ||| This game must be good. But it remdinds me on Roller Coaster Tycoon. It's the same way how to build. But I think the idea is great. So. Must be a good game.
3 ||| All in all, I liked the functionality provided by this heart rate monitor. Unfortunately common bodily flexing can lift the contacts from the skin just enough for it to lose the heart signal, where it starts an incessant and annoying beeping. This will happen despite being covered head to toe in highly conductive sweat, possibly thanks to the design of the sensors.Aside from that minor annoyance, the watch remains easy to use, offers review of your last workout with all the expected averages, maximum sustained levels, and some accumulated values for total workout length and calories burned. Very good price for all the features it offers, and it even comes with a handle-bar mount for all you bikers out there.
4 ||| Gary Sinise does an amazing job of bringing the story and characters in "Of Mice and Men" to life in the complete and unabridged audiobook.Having said that, the story itself is rather disturbing and one wonders why it became required reading in so many high schools across the land.It's a an interesting time peace, reflecting the Great Depression in California, but these are rough characters, with rough language and behavior. There are so many more uplifting works of fiction out there for our young people to read or hear.
0 ||| Now my daughter will not stop aggravating me because we cannot download the pictures off of the dran thing and wants a new camera, so now, I have not only wasted my money, but I have to buy her a more expensive camera that will work that she will break or lose.Thanks so much Vivitar!
4 ||| Bolt Thrower is more than Death Metal. it is time tested war metal that has no intention of mellowing out. they have eight or nine releases under their belts, and they're still going strong. keep it up! I hope they release another album.
3 ||| Lost in a sea of new-age mumblings, half-congealed PC semi-truths and "value-neutral" nonsense? Then, if you never do anything else for your kids, find a copy of this and Leaf's other gems and use them as often as you use the TV's remote control. They're full of the no-nonsense, boiled down "rules to live by" that so well defined the simpler ages gone by. To agree with another reviewer, this and the others probably would be banned today. But, when you consider who it is that bans books along with what's acceptable and what isn't by today's standards, it might be time to resurrect ol' Munro and let him have another go at our kids. Until somebody with the wisdom and resource to do that comes along and does, a well-used copy suits me just fine, thank you.
2 ||| Looking at some of the reviews I thought the game was bad but I bought it anyway. The game is a bit fun. Some parts need work but fun. I really like the commentary because they make it seems like real-life. The music okay but could've had something else than marching band music. Dynasty mode is pretty cool. And THANKFULLY you can switch the players numbers to random names. So rent it and give it a shot. You'll never know.......
0 ||| I found this book to be confusing and disorganized as a reference guide. Please just give us the syntax, samples and any helpful shortcuts and a useful index!
0 ||| Hello all.First off, this work is an important work of Dewey, someone I deeply respect; HOWEVER....Whatever you do, do not buy this hardcover edition of Democracy and Education. It is a cheap ebook / online edition of the book in a cheap hardcover binding. The text literally looks like it was printed off of a website. The font is horrible, the text is small, and there is no space between the lines. It is honestly disgusting to look at especially for the price of nearly 30 dollars. Buy another edition or a paperback copy if you really want to feel like you have a REAL book.
3 ||| I really like this cd a lot but some of my friends are not as crazy about it. The first 3 songs a excellent but it does tend to get pretty mellow into the album. Still, I have really enjoyed it!
2 ||| What can I say? I'm a sucker for good campy space movies/series. It doesn't hold a candle to Star Wars, but I can't help but watch. Some of the acting is only decent but much of that is probably due to the script. The show is horribly dated, but the plot itself makes sense and is believable. The special effects are great considering the time period and the budget it probably had. Definitely worth a watch if you have the time, if anything just for the hairdo's and 70's style outfits.
3 ||| Mandy Moore has created a wonderful album. Combining her awesome voice and the handy work of talented producers and mixers, this album is flawless. I also suggest checking out all the movies shes done....unlike other singers turned actresses, she actually CAN act, her charm sticks out. Go Mandy Moore!!!
2 ||| Interesting story, Hitchcock touch is evented. Madeleine Carroll is a standout, but did not buy into John Gielgud as the lead.
2 ||| The fact that this author is young does IS amazing, however the literary work is not so impressive. Yes, it is in-depth and has the normal twists and turns of fantasy books, but it lacks the craftsmanship of better writers. I believe this author has not yet acheived the ability to create 'atmosphere' liek many others have been able to. If you are interested in a hard-core fantasy series, Robert Jordan's 'Wheel of Time' is a great one to start in. With over 9 books, its completely comprehensive; the first books being easy enought o read for all people, and the latter ones being rediculously awesome and complex. A must read.
0 ||| This is definetly one everyone will be talking about in years to come! The story takes place in Ancient Rome, around 180 A.D., when chariots were still racing, and the Empire was still common. Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) is dying and he has to pick who will be the new Emporer after he dies. So when he comes to the decision to make General Maximus (Russell Crowe) the new Emporer, his awful son, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) gets jealous because he thinks he's more worthy than Maximus, so Commodus seeks revenge, in the most evil, horrible way you can imagine. And that's just the beginning! Even though this is by far my favorite movie, I must admit that there is A LOT of bloodshed, so if you have children and you don't want them exposed to this kind of violence, I recommend that you make them steer clear of this one. Yet, this would be a good history lesson, because that's how it was back then!
0 ||| ...of those bands whose latest work disappoints me. If like me, you were expecting more 'sorry about tomorrow' then steer clear. This just wasn't *ahem* 'rocking' enough for my tastes - and felt like a real step backwards (contrary to the other reviews) I don't think they will return to their higher energy material, which for me is a shame, as I was a fan.
0 ||| My son loves the appearance of the shoe, but the item description is very misleading.Product Features Listed in Description:-leather-Soft, calfskin leather upper-A youth shoe that employs powerpulse technology for optimal kicking power-Eva insole for comfort-Split outsole for optimal weight and flexibilityThe tag on the shoe actually lists a synthetic upper. I would not recommend this seller based on the deceptive advertising.
0 ||| This album has British saxophonist Courtney Pine really coasting - smooth & mellow with a predominance of synthesisers & drum programming with no real "blowing" or hard edges. Very, very reminiscent of Kenny G with some synthesised reggae inflections & also some rather schmaltzy vocal work. If you like that sort of thing, fine, but in my humble opinion "smooth" jazz like this just isn't worth the time or money, given the abundance of truly high quality, inventive jazz available.
4 ||| I shipped this product to the southern most tip of Africa because nothing comparable was available locally.I fitted the power converter necessary to cater for our 220v, and I now have seriously hot coffee available 24/7.To even boost the heat retention more, I'm using an enamel cup with a lid to keep the heat in.Nothing compares.All in, the shipping + power converter cost more than the cup warmer, but it was worth every cent.Very happy customer.Tam
2 ||| I loved my Nano when I first got it. After a little over a year--and the warranty ran out--it suffered a catastrophic failure. Now I've got a really expensive paperweight.
1 ||| Well, I know I'm going to get a lot of flak for this, but I just don't see what all the hype is about concerning Halloween. Yes, it is well crafted, and yes, for it's time it was scary. But it is also EXTREMELY slow and plodding, with countless shots of Mike just shambling around, stalking Jaime. Get to the point! It seems as if John Carpenter wanted to go for an atmosphere of dread and horror, but I believe that other movies (which were made either during or before that time) were better at it, like Suspiria and Night of the Living Dead. The film is too routinely paced and routinely directed to stand out in the viewer's mind, and really is nowhere as scary as its reputed to be. Give it a shot, but just don't be surprised if you aren't as blown away (or scared) as everyone said you would be.
0 ||| The cleaner is horrible. All it does is get my floor wet. There is no power to pick up the dirk and the lip it comes in at is too small. i would spend the money to get a better one
0 ||| I ordered this dvd on December 1st. I had no idea it was coming from ITALY. It was to be a Christmas present, but I received it January 15th. The cover and all writing is in Italian! The worst thing is that it will not play on the dvd player, or the x-box. It will play in the laptop. It says this dvd is only available for viewing in Italy and a bunch of other foreign countries nowhere near here. I ordered it from Utah, you would think they could send it here and it would play. I have never heard of such a thing. I can't send it back because it had to go back to Italy and I will not deal with that overseas mailing hassle. This has been a nightmare and I feel Amazon shouldn't work with 3rd parties like these people. I like to order from Amazon. You can see that I have a long history and have ordered many things from Amazon. First disappointment. Please check into these vendors and do not associate with them.
3 ||| While the book isn't a true story, the characters are based on real people Primo Levi met during the holocaust. It surprises, inspires and humbles the reader to know that humanity can exist in the midst of such horrible chaos.I liked the fact that there is not happily ever after, that the characters must fight to produce their own future. But, it is good to know that along their journey, they met many who would help them.Primo Levi is a wonderful writer. He stays true to character, winds the subplots into the main plot without jerky interruptions and allows the characters to be real, not stereotypes.
0 ||| If you want to learn the form of this style, look else ware. Instructions on the form are very poor. One photo for a posture is not enough to understand how to communicate the movements of the form. The rest of the information given in the book is rather superficial.This book serves no purpose at any level...
0 ||| While this film might have some value if marketed as the op-ed piece it is, presenting it as a documentary is just as misleading as many of the bits of misinformation that the director presents as facts. Even during the filming of the piece Michael Moore misled some of the movie's participants, then showed their "opinions" out of context and contrary to their true feelings. There is plenty of this kind of deception on the networks, why bother renting/buying it when it's the same drivel you can get for free every evening?
4 ||| This is my first attempt at Classic Literature, and I have to say that this one was very interesting, very well thought out, and dowright good. I loved the descriptions, the overall story. It gave me a new appreciation for literature. Short read, finished in a day and a half.Christopher Berry
1 ||| Somehow, the edges aren't sharp enough, so it doesn't work that well. I purchased a wooden one at some later point, and I tend to favor it since it seems less slippery and has sharper edges.
4 ||| I like the book. It is perfect material for an anti-consumerist like myself and a quick lesson in the mind-messing of marketing. I am a much better sleuth at determining what an advertiser wants me to want. It's tricky and many tricks are revealed in this book, which is what i like to arm myself with. The author is well-credentialed and has a smooth, conversational, style, like a funny professor. Some parts seem to be numerous examples of the same thing. The pictures are fun and racy. It is not a page turner, but worth the time.
3 ||| I had to watch this movie again before making any comments. This time in my home theater and I must say,size does make a difference. This is a "Hollywood" movie for sure! I usually don't care for some of these kinds of films as they seem to get a little tedious, but this film is very engrossing and filled with great action. Crowe proves himself to be one of the finest actors today. I'm a big fan of Richard Harris after his Oscar worthy performance in Wrestling Ernest Hemingway and he adds credibility to this picture. The DVD transfer is great and the extras on the single disc edition are good.
0 ||| Worked twice and stopped, pressed Brew button and it just sat there. I had to power cycle the power button to maybe get the brew cycle to start. Finally returned it, clerk said they've had returns on these more than any other brand. Beware!
4 ||| Ordered this for my mom. Shipping was very fast. She loves the series. Have now purchased 1 thru 4-only three more to go!
0 ||| The Haunting is incredibly mediocre, even to the point of making you laugh when you should be screaming. The plot is weak, the script is empty, and the acting is subdued. Well, what do you expect from a movie that has Zeta Jones in it? Actually, the scariest part of the movie is that they didn't allow a good actor who played a bit part ( Bruce Dern )to be the main character in the film. Trust me, you've seen this movie a hundred times before. Even The House On Haunted Hill was better than this turkey.
2 ||| This is truly a beginner workout, which is what I needed after 2 c-sections.The dummies icons interrupting were a bit annoying, and the modifications were shown at the point in the exercise when you are almost done it...I didn't understand that?I prefer: "easy pilates" with Ana Caban, it is filmed outdoors, and I found her teaching style a bit easier to understand.but overall it was a good BEGINNER workout.
0 ||| Eric Schwab, the finest up and coming director in Hollywood, puts out an ok film on a relatively low budget. The actors are some of the newest in Hollywood (You can tell). The film didn't get many viewers in theaters because it came out the week of 9/11 but the professional reviews at that time were mostly unfavorable. I can see why.
4 ||| i really think this is a great movie. it set he slasher genre some friday the 13th fans try to say that jason was better but really he just a copy of michel. this flim devilers scare and gives you a creepy feeling long after wards. i relly like the haunt shot at the benging of six year old micheal holding the knife with that look on his face.
3 ||| It was a good GLBT oriented movie. I've enjoyed it however I wish it had been written and made in a more fast-paced way. Still it was entertaining.
1 ||| This cd is great, his voice is infactuating. I bought this cd and immediately bought one for my entire family. I recommend this cd to anyone, who wants good happy music. Who would have thought me, a fan of death metal, glitch, and trip-hop would have listend to a clay aiken cd, and liked it.Of course i'm lying though.
3 ||| Dramatica: A New Theory of Story is a useful prep for using the software. It's an interesting and complete theory of story too, which is great. The book in general is well worth reading. My only problem is that if it's worth saying, it's worth saying WELL and this book uses twice the number of words it needs. The density of words also confuses the message. I felt, on more than one occasion, that the author was willfully complicating the message in order to ensure more sales of the software.Again, worth reading... valid and useful ideas... enough extra words that it undermines its own usefulness.
0 ||| In comparison to the Heller-Roberts book this book isn't even close. Everything is in there, yet the explanation is that superficial that you have to go somewhere else to find out what it really is all about. My advice: don't waste your money one this one like I did. Yet, there's no point in arguing about taste.
2 ||| I feel that Washington's book was very much like he was, and that is two-faced. It may have been true that he needed white support in order to get money for blacks but I feel that he didn't tell the story the way it should have been told. Slavery was a lot harsher than Washington wrote it was, this book was too carefree in dealing with the harshness of slavery. He wrote the book for the white man to read so that he could get their support and their money. He was the Benedict Arnold of the black folk.
0 ||| Too bad you can't give a book "zero stars." This is the worst book ever. Burroughs attempts to offer up the complexity of a "Ulysses" or "Finnegan's Wake" with none of the talent or intellect. Unfortuanately, drugs don't make you deep, they make you incoherent. Absolute, chemically induced nonsense, like listening to someone slam on a piano keyboard for twelve hours and then tell you that it's not that they can't play, they're just interested in slamming on the keys. The big mystery is how this nonsense got published, but, after reading some of the reviews, I see that there are some people who seem to "get it". "Wow, man, dig it, it's like, so surreal..."
3 ||| I purchased and watched this film for a class project, so I can say I didn't really want to watch it. It was a of course, not the best quality film in the world, but this didn't keep me from being engrossed in the story very quickly. I'm sure there is a certain amount of Hollywood liberal story interpretation, but the story seemed to be pretty spot on with the history from class. It actually peaked my interest and lead to a WWII film viewing session.
4 ||| These are great earrings! I was looking for black dangle earrings, and the onyx & beads give them style. They can be worn with casual or dress. They are solid and substantial, but not too heavy.
0 ||| I'm all for giving local bands a chance and that's exactly what State of Being is, a local Cleveland band. And that's about as far as SOB is ever going to get by writing songs like this. If you enjoy thin sounding music created with Casio keyboards and lyrics that are reminiscent of sixth grade theatrics, then you'll more than likely enjoy the tracks on this disc. I had a problem just getting past the weak and monotone vocals.This disc did absolutely nothing for me. Other than make me wish that I were deaf.On a positive note, the lead singer is kinda cute.
3 ||| One thing before I start: I saw this movie before the other two in the series, so, to me, this movie IS what Mad Max is about. If you want good action movies, watch the previous two. If you like a good , futuristic movie with a lot of heart and a great soundtrack, watch this one. The feel of the whole movie is so parched and desolate, but so absorbing. Casting is wonderful, with most of the actors being undeniably, wonderfully Australian. costumes, sets and vehicles are all appropriately outlandish, and the action sequences, although not the centerpiece of the movie, are very creative. I think this film also represents Mel Gibson's first step to becoming something more than an action star. The plot never stops twisting, and in the end, leads back to what started it all. Exhilerating and crazy, this movie wears its heart on its dust-coated sleeve.A great movie, all around, with a great message and an ending that begs a sequel.
3 ||| I didn't quite enjoy Spiderman 2 as much as I did the first of Raimi's Spiderman movies. What I disliked about the movie is that it was dragged down by moments of silliness that were a bit more jarring than in the first movie. Some of the goofy scenes should have been cut and instead the production team should have used that screen-time to more effectively develop Doc Ock's character and the romantic sub-plot.
4 ||| Personally, this album has been on heavy rotation in my CD player since the day it was released. I love it! It gets me in the mood to get up and get going! Its perfect to listen to while working out or cleaning the house. The girls voices are amazing and reach even more amazing highs. If you pass up this album you are sure to regret it!
0 ||| The toe length is too short, and feels like the sock is trying to separate my toes from my foot. Extremely uncomfortable. Unfortunately, I can't even wear these around the house. Sorry injinji.
0 ||| Update-the problems I was having were due to a defective unit. Simpletech replaced the item under warranty and replacement is working great. I can not update the stars, but would give this item 4 stars and simple tech 4 stars for the replacement without a receipt.I can only get this to work sporadically. It will work one day and the next day its not found and then its back again. Its not a firewall issue (I turned them office), so its its a problem with the device.
0 ||| This movie was a waste of money. It had big name actors and a good plot, they should have done more with it. My advice is: don't bother.
4 ||| I love Slim Fast Cappuccino Delight and never seem to find it in the stores. I got it here on Amazon easily and it was shipped quickly. Now I can go back on a semi diet. Thank you Amazon
0 ||| I thought this would help me with my neck issues when I slept. Not too useful. Too bad. Need more letters to publish. This should do it
0 ||| I have read every book authored by W.E.B. Griffin. I almost could not believe that he wrote such a poorly constructed novel. Then I saw that now he has a "co-author". The co-author did not help this book. The story was disconnected, characters weak in their development and lacked any form of tempo. I can only hope that the fault lies with the co-author. The only alternative is that my favorite authors are just getting too old. I saw this in my youth as C.S. Forester, Alastair McClean and Graham Greene lost their touch. Maybe it is I that is just too old.
2 ||| This series has developed the history previous to Frank Herbert's Dune. I like what it attemps, but with this offering, the novel did not have a clear sense of direction. There were sub plots that could have been bettered developed & characters that were not well defined. I hope with the next installment more focus will be applied to a clear fast paced story line.
2 ||| This movie had alot of Cool effects. It had a touch of Goth with a touch of nuts in space. In my life I would of never of thought to use Living dead people(thingys..?) as cell phones, Or using monkeys in green fish bowls as detectors. (lol) The FX was way cool. This movie in years will be right up thier with "Santa Claus Conquers The Martians" BTW has better dialoge than Riddeck. But for those lookin for a touch of *Way beyond normal Sci-Fi* I would say "knock yourself out".
2 ||| I actually read Riverbend's blog as she wrote it. After she moved to Syria, her writing stopped, so I was glad to be able to get her second book. I hope she and her family moved on to a different safe place! I really grew to love Riverbend like a granddaughter and wish her and her entire family well. I also wish most people could read both of her books.
1 ||| Recently purchased for our 4.5 mo. old. Put the attachments in over time otherwise it seems like stimulation overload if you put them in all at once. Child shows frustration since all toys are fixed position. and can not be pulled closer. THE ATTACHMENT WITH 4 MOVABLE BALLS 'INCHWORM', THE NUBS ON THE BALLS CHIP PAINT WHEN THEY ARE INEVATABLY CHEWED ON. -I'd recomend not adding that toy. We've had a month and otherwise is good can focus on one toy at a time now. I'm also writing to the company on that paint.
1 ||| I bought this case after I received a Palm TX 2 years ago because I liked the sleek look. The case itself is sturdy and has protected my TX well, but aesthetically, it has not aged well and looks like it's taken a beating, even though it's only been sitting in either my attache or purse. The case is susceptible to scratches and blemishes that I can't seem to get rid of, no matter how hard I try. Although I should remember that "looks aren't everything" and that this hard working case has done a great job of protecting my TX these past 2 years, the metallic silver version is not for me, so I'm ordering the black version as a replacement.
2 ||| "The Hidden Diary of Marie Antoinette: A Novel" was a very interesting historical fiction novel. The diary aspect is of it is a tad pointless, I found, because of the lengthy dialogue entries. I've yet to read a diary like that, and because of it, I, at times, forgot that this was indeed supposed to be a diary. I would have liked author Carolly Erickson to include historical information at the end of the book, or a lineage page, to better detail the lives of the figures in this book. Yes, most people know about Marie Antoinette, but some don't, and facts would have been helpful. We all must remember that this is a work of fiction, and that dramatic licenses were taken to make this story all the more captivating. If you're graduating up from the "Dear America" and "The Royal Diaries" series, this may be a good next book choice for you. I recommend.
1 ||| I'm surprised that the most recent readers who reviewed this book were so disappointed. I thought it a touching love story. Realistic? Who cares. I cried though most of the book and have recommended it to many and purchased it as a gift for those who would appreciate it. It's a book to pass on, and on, and on...
0 ||| This movie is absolutely terrible. The worst one they have made so far. ***Spoiler Alert*** The wedding scene is brutal, the honeymoon scene is weird, the birth scene is grotesque, and the werewolf council is laughable. Not that this movie storyline is believable, but getting lost in this story is not even an option (and I think it was in the previous movies). They have a chance for redemption in Part II, lets see if it comes to be.
0 ||| What a waste of time. My wife and I just read The Notebook and were disappointed by almost every facet of it. Most of the dialogue was contrived and totally unreal. I don't care how romantic Noah is drawn up to be, no man speaks like that; unbelievable (in a bad way). One reviewer said the ending was creepy, and I would say that is putting it nicely. Another thing that was really stupid was that Sparks tries to give Allie virtue, yet she cheat's on her fianc without remorse. Total character flaw, again unbelievable.Did I mention the writing was horrid? Sparks jumps between perspectives way to much. Third person is good, but he puts us in the mind of Allie and Noah in the same scene on more than one occasion. It surprises me Warner bought the rights in the first place. Not only that but the editor should be fired.I paid a mere 5.95 for the paperback and trust me that was too much.
3 ||| The book is entertaining but not great. I watched the movie before hearing this audio book and for the most part I like the movie better. It definitely plays well on the big screen particularly with the high fashion.I did not like the narrator's way of reading the book aloud. Many times she got the inflections wrong thereby changing the way the story was heard. It was just plain inaccurate.
2 ||| This book was okay. It had a new look on desire, love, and obsession that was fairly interesting, and it had a good perspective on being young and beautiful. However, I thought that the narrative seemed to wander a bit, and I often wondered when it would actually get to the real story, which it never seemed to do. Despite these faults, I found the book Practical Magic to be somewhat entertaining, and a nice way to pass an afternoon.
0 ||| I have never seen so much padding in a book, ever. It is worse than General Hospital that my mother watched for so many years. My feeling is that chapters were given to hired writers while Jean Auel was on vacation and the writers weren't very good. I think Jean's readers deserve something much better.Carol
0 ||| I've had this item several years and the scooper is coroding from being washed in the dishwasher. I'm going to get a stainless steel one next.
4 ||| I purchased this DVD because I'm a Colin Firth fan and found this to be a very interesting movie directed by a very talented actress.
1 ||| (Here's the info from the Internet on why this 1.33:1 DVD of GWTW REALLY IS the "widescreen" version - indeed, the ONLY fullframe version you will get)"Older" movies (roughly up until the 1950's) used to be shot flat with a ratio very close to 4:3 (1.33:1). Thus, a 1.33:1 DVD of those movies will be perfectly acceptable, since no part of the image is being cropped for the TV display. An example of this would be "Gone With the Wind." It wasn't until TV became more popular that the movie studios had to find a way to draw people into the theaters; one of the ways they did this was by introducing widescreen pictures. In fact, in the case of GWTW, a widescreen version was later released to theaters, but in order to get it they had to crop the top and bottom of the full frame! So, if you want the full picture content as intended by the director, the proper aspect ratio for GWTW is 1.33:1.
0 ||| I am a huge Grafton/Millhone fan, but I was left wanting with this latest novel. The main plot, itself, didn't really ring true. The subplot was much more interesting, but was so brief that I was disappointed even with that.The ending seemed tacked on. I felt that Grafton was in a hurry or tired of writing and so just threw it together. I also didn't like how it leaves the reader hanging - who actually did it, anyway?I'm still a huge fan, but I'm not impressed with the "P" novel - let's hope "Q" is better.
1 ||| The nicest thing that I can say about this book is that it is a quick read. The main character, Alfie is a womanizing, abusive, egotistical,despisable man. He is every man you warn the women you love to stay away from. He hurts the married women that he dates (okay, they are cheating, so they deserve it)but he hurts innocents (Annie)too. None of the charcters are likeable - the woman are either stupid, cheaters, or weak. I found the book to be shallow and am very glad to be done with it.
4 ||| all information I was looking for was there...highly recommended...don't hesitate to buy this book if you are looking for medical info
2 ||| I listened to this once when I first bought it , a few times after that , it's good to hear something experimental , but it doesn't mean it's always a good thing , this cd pulls you in a lot of different directions it's a strong effort , but will be forgotten , mos is the mos talented mc I've ever hear in my entire life listening to hip hop , the match of the music is correct sometimes he needs a louder sound because his voice is so dynamic it cuts trough the track , it's worth a listen if you want to hear something different . check it out . but by far not a classic.
3 ||| I loved her since her first DVDs "Hula Workout" though those used cutsy 60s music & added 60s american dance moves but still have a lot of authetic hula dancing.These "Island Girl" hula workouts are more authentic. Just like her other ones, you get a great workout, your abs burn, your hips, legs get a nice workout. It's all authentic dance moves with some added quick squats, etc. added in so you barely notice it for adding toning. The authentic drum Hawaiian music is beautiful & does keep you stimulted too keep going just like a dance/rock beat would.I had no trouble following & learning the steps, there are plenty of dance DVDs that I have had trouble with, but she breaks everything down well & shows it slowly several times before speeding it up. She even cues YOUR left & right, not hers.There's a trailer for her "Hula Workout" DVDs & another authentic Hula workout like this called "Island Girl: Hula Abs & Buns" at collagevideo com
0 ||| It is a pity that a respected author should stoop to putting his name in big letters on the front cover of a book that was very obvoiusly written (badly) by others. I was left with a real sense of having wasted my money.
1 ||| The Game is a good rapper I will give him that the documentary was one of the illest albums of 2004. But on this album he doesn't seem to deliver the way he did on the documentary, With the exception of a few songs.. Scream on Em, Ol English, Doctor's Advocate, I really don't like this album, Game tries too hard to sound like Dre on certain songs on this album, and other songs you just don't know where he is going with his lyrics.. Sub par effort from the game lyrically, production was good though
0 ||| This not a window into Italy, but rather an American contrivance of Italy. Cliches abound. Comedy forced. I have disowned all who claim to even mildly enjoy this movie. Questa film e' merda.
4 ||| I've gone through quite a few different brands and none compared to this. Its is hands down the best feeling condom i have ever had and my girlfriend agrees as well, and unlike other thin condoms it does not rip easily. One issue I do have is in the circumference of the condom, as i am a little larger it is hard to get on and is a bit snug, so that's something to watch out if you are 7+inches(as i have used it more its become easier to put on). You won't find a better price at any drugstore either.
0 ||| I'm a girl but got a free one of these in the mail. Omg it sucks so bad, which is weird because usually mens razors are superior to womens. The blades are extremely dull and I couldn't shave anything with it, the head is also small and cheap and doesn't contour to curves. I had to grab my months old Venus razor to finish the job because this razor just didn't shave well at all.
1 ||| Paul Naschy stars as the eeevil title character in COUNT DRACULA'S GREAT LOVE. He lives high in the mountains, in his crumbling, castle of solitude. Uh-oh, Drac's serenity is interrupted when a carriage full of young lasses arrives. Of course, it's not long before the gals have a nice, naked dip in the castle pool. Then, one of the Count's vampire buddies bites the lone male of the group, and a blood-sucking plague begins! Much nudity ensues, as The Prince of Darkness attempts to resurrect his daughter (he keeps her in the basement). The rest is a muddled mess that makes little sense. Still, there's something about this movie that I like...
0 ||| THis CD is horrible, as all the others released by this band. THis manages to be a little worse than the others !
4 ||| Originally released in 1972, 'Wolf City' was the German krautrocker's fifth record. Nice remastering job on the reissue CD, I must mention. Probably one of AD II's more conventional albums, but STILL giving the old school fans pretty much what they have come to expect. Tracks here that had me sit up and take notice were the catchy "Green Bubble Raincoated", "Jailhouse Frog", "Wie Der Wind Am Ende Einer Strasse" and "Deutsch Nepal". Vocalist Renate Knaup really seems to shine on this title. A should-have.
0 ||| This scale seemed to work great at first. Then after a week it was saying I weighed 50 pounds more or less than I actually do. After a few days of that it quit working completely (not due to low battery). I have not contacted the company yet but I hope to get a full refund.
1 ||| Well, if you missed this import single when it was released along with a handful more, you may fear you missed an Andy Bell gem. This track is a B-side for a reason. Totally inferior to anything on the full length CD. No, it's not an electro house dance track like much of what you'll find on the full length. It's a short, sort of campy cabaret style track that uses what sounds like a real band, including acoustic drums, guitar, and even a horn section. If you simply MUST have everything Andy Bell sings, then you do get plenty of his vocal, but if you're really more just about his classic dance sound, then pass on it. Ashame they couldn't have just thrown it in as a bonus track on the domestic maxi-single release of Crazy.
3 ||| Phantoms is a horror film that harkens back to old hitchcock films. Why it is getting bad reviews for using suspense rather than gore to scare people is beyond me, I went in to this expecting a turkey like Scream, but boy was I surprised. While the effect wore off a minute after it was done, that is understandable for me, because the only movie that stayed with me for months was The Exorcist. Phantoms is a high quaility horror/thriller film that shouldn't be missed. It looks as though the previous reviewers either didn't get it, or saw the wrong movie. This is definately one that'll scare you, but don't go in expecting The Exorcist.
3 ||| Nice little cd, 30 plus minutes.My big question, is, why has his Soul Surfing album never come to cd. His "More" was a massive hit in the early 60's.
4 ||| Marcia delivers piano as sizzling uptempo or in yearning ballad forms and comes out sounding fab either way. The title track and Crawfishin' are instant classics, and all her slower moments are sweet and tender.Not a duff track in the batch. The song blend of originals and covers is well focused, and lends creedance to the great history of music and life on the Bayou (Delbert McClinton, Randy Newman).I've listended to a lot of blues influenced ivory ticklers on CD, and I've seen many a player hit the 88 keys live and in person, but Marcia delivers the right stuff from start to finish.Her voice is warm and welcoming. Session heavyweight Doyle Bramhall (Sr.), joins in to add spice to the party in session.Next time the neighbors are coming over for a BBQ, slip into something comfortable and try on a little Marcia Ball..this Poodle is worth picking up.
1 ||| After reading some of the reviews I see that there seem to be two sets of camps regarding this book: folks either loved it or hated it. I guess I'll have hang out with the haters. Julie Powell comes off as an extremely unpleasant, immature little princess. It's a good idea: a year cooking from Julia Child's French cooking book but it's just so hard to read. The whole thing is snark and whine and it tiresome after a few chapters.
3 ||| Its a great book for those that have never ever learned about how to escape domestic violence. all in all its a ok book for a person who suffers from any kind of domestic violence
1 ||| The first three songs are okay, but after that this thing is totally down the drain. Believe me, I LOVE kiss, but the whole record is like "LOOKING BACK ON DAYS OF GLORY". Examples : Looking Back it feels all right, Let's make up or break up. I recommend KISS (1974) thru CREATURES OF THE NIGHT (1982). Psycho Circus, I Pledge Allegiance, and Within are OKAY but the rest stink. It's hard to believe that that the same people who made this made LOVE GUN, CREATURES OF THE NIGHT, and ROCK N ROLL OVER.
1 ||| If you are looking for solid facts, this is not something you need to invest in. I agree with several other reviewers in that I noticed that the infamous Elizabeth Bathory had her name mutilated by the author as Bathroy and not just a typo! Even though the Bathory issue was NOT a typo, I found several of those as well. Another thing that was in error was with the Susan Smith excerpt...the author states that she drove her children into a river. I live in SC and know for a fact that Susan Smith drove her children into a lake. Horribly written with a lot of the word "um" in the pages (which I find very irritating) and what appears to be a lot of "fluff" that just isn't necessary. I am currently reading the book from the prospective that these are just stories and looking at the book that way makes it almost entertaining.....but still not factual.
2 ||| It's an ok film. I liked Contempt better althought breathless is mentioned as one of the great films ever made. I understand that it was an important movie that deviated from the conventional style back then and and it was an early new-wave movie after the 400 blows. I get all the points godard tries to make in this movie. Like emphasizing on unnecessary details(the chat on the street, in the bedroom) and cutting short major events(killing the cop). But at the end of the day I was not very impressed, the movie didn't catch my attention. On the other hand the 30 minute sequence in the apartment between bridget bardot and ger husband in Contempt was intruging, complex and masterful.
1 ||| the magnet didn't stay on - i glued it 2ce until it fell of and broke- waste of money but besides that i loved it and wished they made a better one.
4 ||| Elliott Yamin's new CD is a great new summer release.His easy going, melodic melodies prove why he ended up on American Idol.This CD is perfect for long car rides with the top down this summer. Yamin's soulful and inspired sounds make life easier and less stressful.His selection of songs highlight his talent and his range as a artist. I particulary liked track 9. This song makes a great dancing tune and the whole CD just sparkles.I'm looking forward to his next so I can add it to my collections
4 ||| I found this book to be very enjoyable. It held my interest and kept me questioning the whole time. I do think you will enjoy it also.
4 ||| I Have This Cd It's Worth The Price I have To Say Track#3 In My Life Is The Best On The Album She Belts It Out And Track #4 Give It Half A Chance One Of Her Best Ballads.If You Are A True Stephanie Mills Fan Then You Will Be Pleased No Matter How Much It Costs.
3 ||| These sandals are basically well made sandals - nothing fancy, other than you can sneak alcohol into a concert in them. Unfortunately, each sandal only holds about 1.5 ounces of liquor, or a total of two weak drinks. If you are really desperate enough to need the buzz, let someone else drive and drag you along. If you really want the age-old secret, here it is - fill a small "clean" cooler with ice and vodka with your unopened orange juice inside. Nobody can tell.
1 ||| The Hellacopters have cleaned up their sound. Gone is the is the processing on the vocals, and the distortion on the guitars is much lower. As a result, the sound is less harder and less interesting.Commercial sellout? Buy their other albums and forget about this one unless you are a diehard fan.
1 ||| My dad told me a scene where a soldier takes out a NVA soldier in the dark with a grenade launcher. So, thinking that was really cool, I wanted to buy it. When I did and watched it, I was bit disappointed. The plot is slow and really weird. Also, it's just Redux, it does not come with the original.
4 ||| 1916 continues the tradition of trying to understand the Irish - British problem. The all encompassing "Trinity" by Uris is the paramount of this kind of novel. But 1916 tells the story in the same way and provokes you into wanting more and more. The blunders made by the British in dealing with their cousins, the Irish, are so sad that its a crime. 1916 is just plain good. The beginning may be contrived, a bit. But it sets up the interesting cross-play between Amwerica and Ireland as captured in one family. Enjoy!
2 ||| The silver charm is really sturdy, but the chain is a tad weak. And I bought this for my best friend shes kinda petite, so the chain did hang a little too low for our tastes, but just read the measurements on it to make sure youre happy with it.
4 ||| I loved this book! I got judged by a few narrow minded people bc of the title but the content is actually very intelligent and not what you might imagine. I've loaned it to my sisters and they loved it as well. Don't let the title give you the wrong impression. This book is not about teaching woman to snap their fingers and walk around with a chip on their shoulder. It's about teaching women to have self respect and to value themselves on all levels and how we have unhealthy relationship behaviors taught to us in movies, media, and handed down through the generations from our female role models. This book at no point says to be unkind or hurtful to anyone. Codependency seems to be common with females and it's a hard habit to break. As a mother of young girls I'm glad I can instill in them these principles and prevent them from developing the self defeating behaviors that I was taught.
4 ||| The word soul can mean what's inside; a feeling. Alma Caribena is truely a look into the heart on the latin culture and Gloria's life. Every song is full of the feeling of being in love in the Caribbean. Soft gentle music that puts you in the mood...
1 ||| i heard why and times up and welcome to d block, and i really liked them, anyone i knew that bought it said it was amazing, so i thought it might acually not be as wack as tha rest of tha stuff ppl are puttin out these days.....but i was sadly mistaken, those where tha only good tracks tha rest is unoriginal, unreal, and hes talkin about ice, rims, girls, and killen ppl, he actually says he is rapping for fame on one part of tha album.....THIS IS HIP POP NOT HIP HOP, not for real hip hop fansP.S. Idont know why i even bought it
1 ||| This is a great item... however, a cd is not included as previous versions used to. Now you can go to the website and purchase an online study course for $15 a month! Great alternative to buying the book! Wish i knew that before i bought the hard copy!!!
4 ||| I've been there, the vast, silent desert. I thought no book could transport me back there, such an unworldly experience as it was. But I underestimated the power of Abbey's language. His muscular style, vivid descriptions, left me with pictures in my head, smells under my nose, sounds ringing in my ears. While some books make you feel like you're tackling a mountain, or headed towards a destination, Desert Solitaire successfully echoes the meditative, yet ruthless quality of the desert. His views about the protection of natural beauty are passionate and infectious. It can make you think twice or thrice about the fruitlessness of our petty, material lives. I plan to enjoy this one over and over, as I would a favorite song
4 ||| In this movie we find John Mcclane at Dulles airport just waiting for his wife to fly in. all of the sudden terrorist take over the airport and McClanes wifes plane is forced to circle above it. This was a great movie with all the great stunts and the ejection chair, but I thought that it would have been alot better if the terrorist went in the airport and took it over not from a near by church. I cant wait for Die Hard 5, Die Hardest.
4 ||| This book is a look at life from the viewpoint of an individual diagnosed with early onset alzheimer's and how he viewed his progression toward the final stages of the disease. It is an extremely accurate presentation of how alzheimer's slowly robs an individual of their ability to think and reason and how that impacts on the immediate family and caregivers. This review is based on my observations of my mother-in-laws progress through the disease and her passing in 1994. The final two years of her life was spent in a alzheimer's ward where she no longer recognized her own family. My wife was diagnosed with early onset alzheimers in 2002, but with proper medical follow-up and new medications the alzheimers progress was significantly slowed. "Losing My Mind" was a great help in knowing what to expect and how to react.
1 ||| Steinbeck's novels are wonderful to read. I'm not writing this review for these iconic stories. My critique is for the Kindle Edition. I do love using the Kindle to read, particularly with a book like this that might be a bit large to hold for a long period of time. Yet again, and again, on the Kindle I encounter formatting problems that don't exist in the print editions. In the mad rush of offering all books digitally, publishers are not taking the time to make sure Kindle edition books are of the same quality. I've found may words in this book split in half (a space in the middle of the word), about every ten pages. It doesn't make the book not worth buying, but it is distracting and it can easily be fixed with adequate proofreading.
4 ||| I first found these at the Park Hyatt Washington D.C.They still make me smile and feel like I am drinking in luxury with this think wonderful glasses. They are very clear and the right size. They have a flat bottom so if they sweat they stick to a glass table a little, but I just love them. I thought of getting the wine glasses for water/juice but these work better without hitting your nose and are easier to wash.
4 ||| I cannot get enough of this taffy. I've already placed two orders, and will probably place another one as that's how good it is. The colors are wonderful, and the selection in each tin is really varied. I pass it out to co-workers who find it irresistible, so now I'm on tap to continue bringing some in. Anyone looking for some great taffy will not be disappointed in this!!!
4 ||| Wanted to split my DTV Antenna signal to go to another DTV in the house. Barely made any difference at all only allowing reception of a few of the stronger DTV channel signals on the second DTV and no difference on the orignally connected DTV.
3 ||| This book is a solid one-stop NTP reference for network administrators. In chapters 3 through 5, Rybaczyk covers the NTP topic in a well-rounded manner: from the design-related issues on complex networks that support mission-critical and real-time processes, to NTP configuration and maintenance. When coupled with a succinct and well-researched scan of multiple views of time (Chapter 1), and some dry humor related to the history of network administration (Chapter 2), this publication is a refreshing reading for a net admin pro and layman alike, especially those interested in the subject of time. Chapter 4 includes a nice section on NTP terms and definitions that seem better explained and articulated than in the typical product manuals.
2 ||| venonat. venomoth. golbat voltorb. ash earns his soul badge and in the safari zone they meet 2 pokemon kangaskahan and drateni (not on video) but the drateni almost gets stolen by team roket but EVOLVES INTO DRAGONAIR. then in the lahamery pokemon ranch ash rides ponyta but EVOLVES INTO RAPIDASH.. FOLOWED BY PIKACHU PARTY .
0 ||| The panasonic dmr-e95h is useless.So is the tech support from Panasonic.I will NEVER buy ANY panasonic product again.Tech cannot supply answers.To any questions.At all.They are at best barely fuctioning dopes without the slightest interest in helping.This is after waiting 45 minutes.The firmware updates do not work.The item does not work as described.It has more bugs than a swamp in Floridia.It is more sensitive than a movie stars ego.There should be a website devoted to how useless all of these panasonic dvd recorders.What a waste of money WATCH OUT!!!!!
3 ||| This is also a good movie but its showed with the same details just not quite as in depth as some of the other movies on this topic.But if you were for the Vietnam War, then I recommend you see this movie or at least a movie on The Pentagon Papers topic. The truth will leave you feeling allot of controversy. Was this war justified or not??? I lost four family members in this war. When I see this movie and others on this topic, it makes me angry. This is a war that could have been avoided. And if not avoided then it should have been put into the hands of our generals and left to them to decide how to win it. But according to the Pentagon Papers, our country could not have ever won this war. I hate to think that so many of our soldiers died in vein, to include my own family members. But I do respect our soldiers who indeed tried to free Vietnam with all of their hearts.
2 ||| I enjoy all the books that include Kay Scarpetta ..Black Notice was okay except for the ending which came in about the last 2 pages!! I would have liked to have seen a little more thought and supense in the ending to this one !! Hornets Nest and Southern Cross really left me hoping that Cornwell would bring back the Kay Scarpetta story line...Please keep her stories coming.
0 ||| I was not really my type of read. I couldn't get into the root of the story, but some people probably would like it
4 ||| After reading several books on real estate investing, I've found this one to be the most useful and easy to understand. The author explains why buying from the auction may not be the best approach and can easily lead to overpaying for a property. The author provides a pragmatic step-by-step gameplan to succeeding in this business. I feel comfortable, knowledgeable, and confident to make my first pre-foreclosure property investment.
0 ||| If you fell that you are so happy and you are looking for something to put you in depression, this novel will be a good choice. It is about a guy (Jude) full of ambitions since his childhood and the through the pages, you will read that he lose them one by one. I don't know why I kept reading it to the last page, maybe it was some commitment as I purchased the book. I read the novel after that I couldn't understand totally some events occurred in the last edition of movie for the novel. I am looking now for a comedy novel to relief me from pain of depression caused by this story.
4 ||| I rated this 5 stars for it's true readings. The story just shows you that even when you think you're doing the best possible thing in the stock market it can turn against you.
2 ||| The Good:Great PriceStylishProtects the phone when you drop (and boy have I)Easy access to phoneThe Bad:Does not stay on my belt! For an active person (I am in the IT department of my company) this case comes off way to easily. The way it secures is not by having your belt run through the clip by merely sliding it over your belt. This is ok for people who tend not to be on the move. But as I drive a lot, as well as move/lift/climb over/crawl under many things, this clip comes off way to easily.Does not allow chargin of the phone while in its holster. (Yeah I know it takes a second to pop it out, but I am always on the go)Summary:For an active user this is 2 stars, for a non active user this is a 4 star device.
0 ||| I am a huge fan of PD James and Adam Dagliesh, but this book just did not work for me. The characters were unappealing, the plot was unbelievable. I normally love mysteries that are slow-paced and build to a climax, and normally you can count on PD James for this type of mystery, but not this time. The book was boring, by the end I found myself wishing I hadn't wasted my time. It was so disappointing.
4 ||| This book covers various general practical problems so as to enable a systems programmer to evolve and build good large systems. This book is a excellent reference. I am very happy I bought the book.
4 ||| This is a great game, with a great concept and fun graphics. Unfortunately, the game shudders every two minutes of gameplay so I am forced to change the screen resolution of the game. This happens on my brand new laptop, while on my home computer it works perfectly.
2 ||| While the journals in here were really beautiful, it doesn't look like the author put a lot of effort into explaining them. It only took me about an hour to read this book and, even with a few creative ideas(mostly from the pictures), the general content was sparse. Some of the shaded sections on the side looked like space filler (for example, one on "themes" describes a travel journal's purpose as "chronicling your travels"...no way!). It bothers me when writers use pretty pictures to try and pull off the appearance of a quality book. Flip through this book in the library to get some good ideas, but don't expect thoughtful written advice.
0 ||| While the DVD was technically well done; transfer was good, sound was good. The content was without merit. It seemes to strive for a Short Stories feel but it fell far short. I for one, do not need to see a bunch of "walk-in" scenes. They have no real dramatic effect.Do not waste your time or your money on this dog.D not waste your money on this dog.
3 ||| This was the "toast" of the Christmas tree for our three year old. It was easy to assemble and came with all components needed. It's bright and sturdy - something we were looking for since our tot is tough on toys he enjoys. His hot wheels and thomas train (wooden version) fit on the tracks as well. The lid is a great feature that pops on the set when not in use and turns into a table for art or building. The most priceless thing about it was watching my father, husband, thirty-something brother, and twelve year old son play with this set. My little one has had hours of fun with it. It didn't get a five star rating because you have to embellish the track and roads with stickers. My husband likes to do that kinda thing, so it wasn't a hardship for us. This was a great buy!
3 ||| This is an affordable and functional pair of binoculars. They aren't the best but will work for most everyday usesThey are very reliable. I have no complaints
4 ||| My opinion of this book is that it was very well-written and you really get to know the characters, and I like that. Books like these are very good for young adult readers and I recommend that if you haven't read this book yet that you get your hands on it now!
1 ||| Since I haven't received it yet, it is hard to write a review. However I have learned a few things in talking to people who own them. The water lines tend to get clogged with air if you don't keep the reservoir filled with water. To fix this, turn the coffeemaker upside down so that the air bubbles in the line get purged.Also I have been told to use only distilled water. It does not affect the flavor but keeps scale from building up in the lines and plumbing.Wish UPS had delivered the machine as they said they did. I never got it. Maybe Amazon.com should require signatures on all items valued at over $100.00
3 ||| ENRIQUE IS SURELY THE THE KING OF POP.HIT AFTER HIT.I FEEL HE SHOULD BE DECLARED A LEGEND.HE HAS IMPROVED HIMSELF SINCE HIS FIRST SINGLE.I AM A GREAT FAN OF HIM.I ALWAYSADMIRE HIS SONGS .HE IS MY FAVORATE SINGER AND HE WOULD ALWAYS BE.I WISH HIM ALL THE BEST FOR HIS FUTURE.RECENTLY IBOUGHT HIS NEW SINGLE 'SEVEN'.OVERALL IT IS A PEEPY COLLECTION.MY FAVORITES ARE'CALIFORNIA' AND'ADDICTED.HIS SMOOTH VOICE TRUELLY RULES.
0 ||| Warning -- the two songs listed as "Little Steve" were written by him but are not the originals nor performed by him!
0 ||| For high school students: this movie offers a great theme for teens: self image. Unfortunately, the theme itself is drowned out by too much dialogue. As a high school French teacher, I rate this film as boring for students.
2 ||| Yes, it is a good book and it is helpful to anyone who wants to have an insightful look at the subject of Trust. But by no means it is a "complete" book. It does touch upon various types of trusts, but for most of them the discussions are very brief and hardly point you to the direction for further study. If not for the title, probably I could give a 4-star.
1 ||| this movie can be made much better. it is based on a true story that a group of fisherman met "the perfect storm" and how they go through it. The special effect for the storm and tidal waves are nice but the story a bit slow and boring.
0 ||| I'm reviewing the ebook, not the content.The format of this book on the kindle is cumbersome. It starts with the table of contents and then as it presents the verses each verse is headed by the chapter and verse. This format is followed in each chapter. It's not at all pleasing to look at much less read.I was looking for the Book of Mormon in more of a book format. I have this version in print and it's closer to book format than the basic Book of Mormon. Unfortunately, you would never know that based on the Kindle format.For the price of $3, it was very disappointing.I also purchasedThe Book of Mormon: 1830 Original Edition (LDS) (Kindle Preferred Active Table of Content Edition)for $0.99 and this was exactly what I was looking for. It is presented in book format with no verse numbers and no chapter headings.Off the topic, if you are looking for the full Standard Works you can use this direct link [...] to get the download that will work for the kindle.
0 ||| Instead of the dial pictured with this listing, the product shipped comes with two push buttons (A and B). That's nothing that would have kept me from buying it... but it's still disconcerting to get something besides what you ordered.What would keep me from ordering this is that although the signal changed from source A to source B (and back) when the appropriate button was pushed... it would change the video signal to a *very* yellow color once you let go of the button. As long as you are mashing the button down all the way with your thumb it is fine. But the second you take your thumb off of the button the image looks like it's being viewed beneath a layer of dark yellow liquid. For this reason I cannot recommend this product.
0 ||| Don't get me wrong this play had a great message, but that was not enough for the amount the DVD cost.. Tyler really dropped the ball on this one.. It was beyond dry, a waste of time, & money. Don't buy this DVD just borrow...
1 ||| First let me say I love Hendrix and I really did enjoy what's here....BUT...There's really not much content to this disc....it's basically his two cavett appearances, which aren't his two best live performances by a long shot and a "documentary" of which 80% is those two same appearances....Let's be honest this disc might really be for hardcore Hendrix junkies only....I am one so I liked it, and I always love listening to him talk....but I think most folks would feel there's far too little actual content...Why not put ALL of Hendrix's television appearances on a DVD ? I'm sure they'd all fit on one....let's hope Experience Hendrix does better then this in the future...Hendrix at Monterey, Hendrix at Berkley, Royal Albert Hall, the remastered Isle of Wight, the rest of Hendrix on TV...where is it?d
3 ||| IRREGARDLESS OF MURDER was surprisingly fun for a mystery, and easy to read quickly. The book has wonderful characters, romance, and a few laughs. And it was fun to visit the Adirondacks again. This book promises a sequel, which will mean a good series has been born. I'm looking forward to reading the next one. I found this book through a "favorite cozies" list on Amazon.com, and am I glad I did!
4 ||| This dummy is hilarious. I bought it as a joke for a friend and I'm sure it will be well received. Hope she uses it on the baby becaise it will look hilarious!!
0 ||| This is by far the stupidest movie that I have had the misfortune of sitting through in the past decade. The preview looked intriguing, until the Queen dance number. I hoped that Heath Ledger, whom I loved in "The Patriot," could somehow make up for the obvious deficiencies. The ONLY reason that I even went was because the movie was playing at the local pizza-and-beer movie pub, and friends wanted to see it. Overall, it just seemed like the director could not decide between making a period movie and making something silly. The combination just didn't work.
1 ||| I'm way too old for this, but it seemed like a good background filler at the time. Stories are short and direct, with good morals. Probably great for the target audience, but I did get a bit bored after a while. I do love stop-action animation, though, and this filled that bill.
2 ||| I purchased this product specifically to target the area between my shoulder blades. Although it reaches this spot, there are a few issues. First, "the device", as it is called in my household, shipped without any instructions of any kind. Nothing. You can, however, BUY books that tell you how to use it... completely unacceptable in my book. I contemplated giving it one star just for this. Second, because you need at least one hand to manipulate, it's harder to reach my trouble area than it is for, say, a tennis ball. Finally, it's hard plastic and not as comfortable as a tennis ball.I gave "the device" three stars since it basically does what it's supposed to, just not up to my expectations. My advice... buy some tennis balls or base balls.
1 ||| I love the concept of being the last or almost last person on earth. This was just not my type of movie. I do agree it did go down hill on the last half. I guess I expected more but then it may be the difference on how countries make movies.
2 ||| Tried using this with my older sirius home radio, but my radio died so it didn't workout so good. I also couldn't get a good signal. That could have been because my receiver was dying. So keep searching for a better review.
3 ||| Easy, entertaining book about a little girl's religious visions. It was interesting to read how the different religions interpreted her visions and how the general public became obsessed with her.
2 ||| I am new to Linux, but have quite a bit of experience running large NT networks across multiple classification levels. The time has arrived for me to learn Linux as I believe there will be a compelling economic rationale for moving the back-end of networks to Linux. As I work to master Linux, the incompleteness of the avialable literature is truly amazing. Lots of niches filled, but nothing truly helpful. This book is a bit dated, Kernal 2.2, and it was not particularly helpful to me in respect to file systems. Did not cover extended2 FS, FHS and other, newer systems. Weak on scripting although it does cover API interfaces. Not much on installs/upgrades. A decent resource to have on the shelf to fill in missing holes. I have had to turn elsewhere for a more integrated, comprehensive approach to Linux.
3 ||| SO happy to see Kenny Rogers again with a hit CD
0 ||| I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound. The overdrive is quite good. No, it can't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $48.00, it's an absurdly good buy.
0 ||| ...and hate it now. My only revenge for being forced to read Tess as a kid is to write a negative review as an adult. So there, that's done.
2 ||| Other actor: No way!KR: Way! He was, like...a bunch of BUGS-n-stuff. But I kicked his ass.OA: NO WAY!!KR: WAY! Got a smoke?OA: Does the Pope wear a funny..oh, sorry dude. No offense.KR: Just give me the damn cigarette.Fade to white then to breathtaking shot of Rachel Weisz or Tilda Swinton.
4 ||| this is a good game but IF YOU ALREADY HAVE SSX 3 DONT GET IT! ITS THE SAME TRAILS ACCEPT WITH DIFFERENT NAMES!! I have ssx 3 for my gamecube and its actually funner than this game...check it out. you can only snowboard in that game though. i am a skiier in real life and i LOVE THE SKIING PART! it is a lot funner than the snowboarding. it has awesome graphics. the only thing is that i wish there was different trails..otherwise...thumbs up
1 ||| These aren't even particular stunning pictures of gemstones; they look like you could find them in any book for rock enthusiasts. It's difficult to connect meaning to each stone, unless presumably you're very much a crystal person when it comes to divinatory meanings.In other words, to me, I might as well have cardstock with the card names on them, and then spend some time looking through a Field Guide to Rocks and Minerals for all I got out of this deck.Card stock is mediocre.
3 ||| He's bookmarked about half the pages already, so we'll have very busy weekends for a while. These experiments are inventive and practical.
0 ||| seems poorly made, & the volume doesn't get as loud as your ipod usually could (without this). it's okay if you listen to talk FM i guess.
2 ||| This was an enternaining story but it will never be a classic. The character's are strong, but like most L'amour books, theres not enough time to really get a feel for them. It moves along to fast.
2 ||| a good prequel to LOTR but not in its league. Does not engage or draw you in like LOTR but still a very enjoyable read.
4 ||| I've owned this unit for about 8 months and have had all the exact same issues with my brewer that you'll see on all the 1-2 star reviews. When it works, it's a fantastic little coffee maker, but absolutely infuriating when it won't draw water. Tells me to descale when I've already run gallons of vinegar through it, etc. I'm seriously considering not purchasing another one even with the all the convenience these offer.
0 ||| So its a work of fiction, mostly. Some of MY motorcycle stories are better... At least he is makin money legit. The paper quality is as cheap as one can make and still call it a book. More a collection of short stories, most don't even involve "Sonny". Can't find a reason to rate it better but (if you are into motorcycle fiction) can't really rate it worse.
0 ||| It started out just fine. It was very quiet at first, but after 3 weeks has started to make a slight grinding noise when running. Not sure what the noise is but I'm sure I would rather not have it.The winder mount is spring loaded so that it will push against the band and hold the watch tight, but for bands 8.5" and larger it will not hold without adding some padding between the mount and watch. It simply doesn't push out far enough to hold such a large band tight.I can live with it as long as it doesn't strip a gear. I need to find out what the noise is and get that fixed.
1 ||| This is one strange version of Moby Dick. Patrick Stewart's Ahab is not a man thirsting for revenge to the point of obsession. Instead, Stewart plays Ahab straight out of the insane asylum. The dialogs between Ahab and Starbucks must have been an attempt to create a play-like, stylized dialog, but instead, it came across as a lot of mad ravings. I've read the book many times, and I viewed Ahab as a man with an obsession, not a man who is a street lunatic who just happens to command a whaling ship (when he is not being abducted by aliens.)Sorry to have to slam Stewart, who I love as an actor. He did indicate in press interviews that he was very insecure about playing Captain Ahab. I guess it shows. I can however, wholeheartedly compliment the Maori actor Piripi Waretini who plays Queequeg (my favorite character in the book) and Ted Levine was very fine as Starbuck. This film, though interesting and a bold attempt, just doesn't capture the real sense of Moby Dick.
4 ||| I don't think I've written a review on Amazon yet for as much as I've shopped here, but I felt compelled to review this Blu-Ray release. Gladiator is one of my favorite movies and I was quite excited about this release. To much dismay, most of the movie visually feels like I am watching an upscaled DVD. There are some moments that shine, but the difference between the great quality of the extended scenes and the processing that plagues the theatrical scenes are very noticeable that it has really made me question why the whole movie couldn't be transferred with the superb visuals displayed in the extended scenes.Overall, the movie is still great with a nice bundle of extras included, but I am still very disappointed with the video quality of the theatrical footage which is what I was mostly looking forward to with this purchase.
4 ||| I liked this movie alot, but I found that if I even turned my head away for a split second that I would miss something. It's the kind of movie that you really need to pay attention to at all times.It was a very interesting idea that was well crafted. I think that Guy Pearce was amazing in this movie. It has a few twists and turns that are well worth watcing. The idea of telling everything in reverse was different, and there were only a few times that I truly felt confused. (I think my husband asking me a thousand ??'s during the movie didn't help), I just may watch it again to see if I missed anything.It's a original film, and one of the better films I've seen this year. Worth a rental fee, just be in the mood it.
3 ||| well i seem to see that most peopel witwhe love it or hate it i first saw this on disney channel about 2 - 3 years agothe key with thsi movie is not to care about teh games as muchits got sucky effectsits director problay does drugsand id like to add its aperfect b movie style movieit doenst do teh games justice(but the games have no storyline sav eteh princess)dont get me wrong tehre kick ass gamesbut teh movie has a speacil kind of drunken charm dont knock it till you rented it or stolen it lol
1 ||| Not quite as good as her first two albums, but still quite nice. I will be interested to see if there is a remix version of this album as there were for Tanto Tempo and Bebel Gilberto.
0 ||| this book wasn't all that great. and, that's being nice. i love horror, and it had mediocre reviews on here, so i thought i'd check it out. i was disappointed. it does have some good points. i enjoyed the sections with the young babysitter and the little girl she was watching. but, the rest just sorta sucked. the rape scene wasnt frightening. it was ignorant. and, it isnt all that gory of a novel. as for the political point, we get it. that factor is too simple, too cliched, and too trite to mention. also, the trying to overcome the racism aspect of the book makes the book racist in itself. as simple as it is to read, im having a hard time getting through to the end. and, the other reviewer on here was right, he uses the word "rump" about 117 times in the novel. buy another book, instead. or, do what i did, check it out at the library.
4 ||| These tweezers are great! I have a pair for my purse and one for my bathroom! I given them away for gifts too!
0 ||| I thought it was cute & cleaver claymation. I was intrigued by the cover and the reviews. However, it was not funny. It is nothing more than listening to a bunch of British rubes drone on about bodily scars and the annoying habits of their roommates. It's as if they recorded the conversations of people taking at pubs. I have a life span limited to 90 or 100 years. I regret I wasted part of it on this.
1 ||| I read this book based on a recommendation from another book that ranked the top 100 business books. After completing it, I did learn a lot more about the engineering profession and I do have a lot of respect for them now. But the book did repeat it's examples a bit too much and could have been an even shorter. Again, some great examples of real life problems dealing with engineering, but I'm not sure it's worth your time to read.
1 ||| Jack Nicholson is, to me, one of the best actors of this generation, and his acting in this movie was typical Nicholson. Powerful!Although the movie was electric and spell binding, it left far too big a question at the end. This may work for some movies. For this one, it did not.I did not like the ending.
4 ||| After about 18 months of being used 2-3 times a day, this grinder is still going strong and has already lasted longer than any other grinder previously owned. It is powerful and grinds fast, the fill marks inside the steel bowl are really handy, and being able to toss the bowl and cover in the dishwasher is a plus. The design of the push down cover causes some ground coffee to spill on the counter everytime it is removed. If not for that, I would have rated it 5 stars.
0 ||| GOD DAMN, THIS IS THE WORST ALBUM EVER CREATED EVER!!! EVERY SONG ON THIS IS A BIG TURD. THE STONES WERE AMONGST THE WORST BANDS IN HISTORY ALONG WITH LYNYRD SKYNYRD. NIRVANA NEVERMIND IS A BILLION TIMES BETTER. GO GET THAT INSTED.
2 ||| I've owned this cookbook for years. A well-meaning relative gave it to me when I first became a vegetarian 16 years ago, and it's a good thing that I didn't start to try recipes from this book early on, because I would have given up on vegetarianism. There are some decent bread recipes here, but the remainder are almost uniformly terrible. Nutritious, perhaps, but also tasteless without a seeming thought to presentation or texture. This book represents the worst of early vegetarian cooking in America, and I have yet to prepare a single recipe from this book that I found to be truly appetizing, or that I would (heaven forbid) serve to guests. I didn't sell my copy because I wouldn't inflict this sort of thing on an unsuspecting victim - I recycled my copy.
2 ||| This book is a gift I gave to myself. After reading Part One, I bought several more copies for my friends and family. The book is not just for yogis. It is for anyone on the path to wellness and spiritual discovery. I have learned so much about myself from reading the daily essays and applying them to my own life. As Gates says so eloquently, "the obstacles on the path ARE the path." Think about that for a moment and quite possibly you will begin to see that what happens in life happens for a reason and the first thing you have to do is simply "Show Up."
1 ||| This book should come with a coupon for Hagen Daas, because you're going to end up on the sofa eating comfort food and wondering what went wrong. I read this book. I laughed in all the right places, but then I made a terrible mistake. I took Sherry Argov's advice seriously. My marriage was good, but this book made me think I was getting shortchanged. So I took the leap and took control. Now I'm in marriage counseling and wondering if I'm going to be able to hang onto my husband. I did get one thing right, though. After eleven years of wonderful marriage, I managed to get my husband to call me a bitch. I'm trying to get him to believe that I'm in a midlife crisis. Because I can't bring myself to say that I destroyed a great relationship because of something that sounded good in a book.
1 ||| The premise - Peter Pan really lives, the plot and the theme have promise. What could be better than a modern, whimsical, fairy tale? However the author fails to totally deliver with real characters and plot. Not bad - but not a keepr.
1 ||| Some of your reviewers must have been watching a different movie to me. This one is a shocker with bad production values,wooden acting,mistakes galore but I loved the final scene after the carrier has docked. Take a look at the couple of hundred people they rounded up in the background.They all seem to be still dressed circa 1976 and anyway which navy would let civilians anywhere near a naval base in the Pacific in 1942?
1 ||| their are a few good points, but its mostly vit. c which linus pauling has already covered. Not much in the way of any new revelations or experiments
4 ||| This is one that EVERY potential office manager should be forced to watch. You will find yourself saying "I know that guy" with every scene. Really great, hillarious, definate Calssic right off the bat!
2 ||| Some interesting stories if you like that period of American history. As for the title, I am reminded of a quote from Abraham Lincoln about his generation during the Civil War. "Human nature will not change. In any future great national trial, compared with men of this, we shall have as weak and as strong, as silly and as wise, as bad and as good."
3 ||| Never read a BoP before but I'm hooked now! The story was engaging and fast paced (it does taper off a little towards the end). The art was good - Huntress was especially well drawn, though unfortunately, the book really isn't about her.The concept for the villian was cool. I instantly liked and despised him and that, really, is the most important part of any good superhero story....The story also raises moral/ethical issues that are relevent to our time. It doesn't beat you over the head with them and it doesn't preach - nice balance there.All in all, a good, fun read. I just ordered the next BoP tpb...
3 ||| This was perfect for what I needed. Nothing fancy but does what it's supposed to. When the time runs out from whatever time you set it for, the alarm goes off.
1 ||| What was the point of this film? In my opinion, it may get some play because of the nudity, but I'm sure that wasn't the point. The realities of class distinction, the flawed mixing of religion and politics, and grinding poverty are addressed, but weakly. I wasn't able to lose myself in this film. The acting seemed stilted and I was bludgeoned with characterization.This is not the first European movie I've viewed, nor will it be the last. But I really expected more.
4 ||| Beautifully binded book. Exactly what I was looking for. Makes my collection of books look really nice. And Dickens is the best!
0 ||| I found the politics of this novel interesting enough to disregard the dated scientific references. Seldon and his science was fascinating to behold, and the plot was masterful. What concerned me was (dare I say it?) the fairly amateurish use of dialogue tags and the fact that each character seemed pretty much to speak with the same voice. Asimov wrote this as one of those authors who are at pains not to repeat 'he said'. So it must be a new tag each time, no matter how ridiculous, often paired with an adverb that makes you cringe: ('spluttered angrily', 'cried sternly', 'mumbled grumpily', so on.) Sad this very basic trick of writing lets down passages of vivid description and intriguing plot.Also, some things seemed implausible to me, such as: how was the foundation, which exported its technology across the galaxy, able to keep its technology secret?Nonetheless, this is a series every sci-fi fan has to read - its attributes outweigh its faults by a fair margin.
0 ||| If you want a sick, disgusting, perverse movie, look no further. You've found it.One word: Feh!In NIGHT TRAIN TO TERROR, glum Jehovah and amused Beelzebub sit opposite each other in a train's dining booth. Three repulsive stories are presented in-between performances from an early-Madonna influenced pop band, complete with breakdancing vocalist. Ancient spectral black conductor and porter inexplicaby shuffle between cars. Visuals in the first segment alone include lobotomy, amputation, heads preserved in jars of formaldehyde and hanging body parts. Lots of booby shots for ogling snuff perves. (grabs some filth-removing eyewash)Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.(2.7) Night Train to Terror (1985) - Richard Moll/Cameron Mitchell/John Phillip Law/Marc Lawrence/Ferdy Mayne/Tony Giorgio/Earl Washington/Gabriel Whitehouse
3 ||| C I watch this movie over and over. sweet sweet film. funny and sweet childhood friends walking through funny sad childhood adventures
0 ||| Poor direction and a plodding pace ruin this film. Hollywood took a wonderful Broadway musical and destroyed it. The only good thing about it is the music. The cd of the soundtrack is absolutely glorious. But the film itself is perfectly dreadful. And what was with the different lens colors for the different songs? I found that totally unnecessary and positively ANNOYING!
4 ||| This is a great book--I found it hard to put down, and it's the perfect companion for all those recent college grads slogging through their morning commutes (or perhaps their jobs). But ultimately Weisberger offers little original here; she just plays a series of riffs that she knows will sell plenty of copies. If you like Madonna better than Britney Spears, you'll like Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones' Diary better than The Devil Wears Prada. Fielding employs many of the same rhetorical techniques as Weisberger--using lots of brand names and silly hyperbole to conjure vivid images--but her writing also doubles as social criticism, something that Weisberger's agent presumably advised against.
1 ||| It's all true about the paper jam issues. After a while, you need to manually load each piece of paper for it to pick it up. Once the paper is fed, it prints fine. It's getting the paper to feed that's the issue. It's very frustrating!! Next time I'm buying a different brand!
0 ||| The original Mission Impossible was a great show and the 1988 revival of the show that lasted only two seasons was also great. The concept of taking the original star Peter Graves and surrounding him with a new young group of agents was brilliant. My only disappointment is the quality of the video transfer. It looks like the source material was a VHS, Super VHS, or 3/4" copy. It is the worst quality I have ever seen for a major studio release of a network tv series. Either pristine source material has been lost or they just didn't care enough to take the effort to do this the right way. Very disappointing they didn't show more respect to this show when bringing it to DVD. I have the 1989 season ordered now and it is in transit. I am hoping it is better quality video transfer.
4 ||| The process was fast and efficient. This was a favorite of my daughter who is now 25. She and her sisters love this
4 ||| A friend of mine had recommended this book... I found I couldn't put the book down. The awakening exercises in the book grabbed me... this book gave me a way to take that thought and turn it into a positive force in my daily life. The different chapters and exercises on loving ourselves, others, and life and finding meaning gave me ways todo things differently so my days seem richer. I find I'm not taking each day for granted like before. For that reason alone, the book has been a valuable read and I've heartily recommended to my friends and family.
2 ||| It's very convenient to set this tuner to Bb while tuning a Bb clarinet.If you try to tune each note slowly, it gives you very accurate reading. However, if you play a few consecutive notes(not fast, just normally), it may show the first note and not move to the next, even when I set it to Fast.
1 ||| Notwithstanding disputes on the editorial choices, the main reason to get this particular edition is the fact that the guide by Don Gifford makes reference to its line numbering. The Gifford book is an indispensable companion to Ulysses. However, the large format, relatively small print and miserable binding are deplorable. Once you get to Molly's monologue, you almost have to detach the pages one after the other. Maybe not so great for the inescapable rereading of this masterwork!
3 ||| Anyone who has ever seen or heard of Edward D. Wood, Jr. knows what he or she is getting into before the opening credits. "The Haunted World of Ed Wood" does a credible job of portraying the man as well as his manic life. Whether it's Gregory Walcotts' condescending nastiness or a funny, insightful Vampira (who, by the way is "hotter" at 80 then she was at 25!), I appreciate the inclusion of the good as well as the bad. For Ed Wood fans, this little gem is well worth seeing.At the end of the "Plan 9 Companion" the narrator says, "Ed Wood did his best to make an entertaining film and succeeded-if not exactly in all the ways he may have intended." I think that says it all.
0 ||| Don't waste your money, please. It did make ice for a few months, noisey and kept me busy unloading it to the freezer, but after a few months, it started making a loud buzzing noise, and getting hot where the motor area was. Then I only would use it if I was nearby, didn't trust it, didn't want a fire. I could turn it off and back on and sometimes the buzzing would stop, but never completely. We finally put it on a dolly and took it outside, where it is getting snowed on, and rained on until it gets taken to the dump. Save your money for a new fridge with ice maker or buy bags of ice for about $2-3 per bag. To ship to somewhere for service too expensive, too heavy, not worth the trouble.
0 ||| The overall quality of this soundtrack is far - very far! - away from soundtracks like "A view to a kill" or "Tomorrow never dies". I can only recommend the title song as being quite good to listen to ... the rest of the soundtrack is basically trash - especially if you are a fan of the music of John Barry.
2 ||| This book is a general networking book which so happens to deal with ERP systems. There are better books for networking available, but if you are already skilled in ERP systems and want to understand the network requirements this may be the book for you!
1 ||| I didnt really enjoy this book because it was hard for me to understand. I understood the characters and i could picture what they looked liked because it has good discription, but other than that the rest of the book didn't grab my intrest. The biggest reason I didn't like this book was probably because it wasn't real, like how the hobbits lived under ground. After reading this book I relized that i'm just not into fantasy stories.
4 ||| This is one of the most provocotive songs to ever hit the music scene. It is sure to turn heads & cause a stir. The music and the story are so well pieced together, it's scary!!!
4 ||| Monsieur Le Comte is incredible!!!! The best book I've ever read; I'll miss it... I could not tear myself away from this book... My two year-old recognizes it as "papi's book" because I could not put it down.... I kept my wife up with the story and got a chance to relive it that way. She loved it too.Dumas makes you fall in love with his characters, with Mercedes, Edmond Dantes, Abbe Faria, Valentine, Haydee, M.Morrel.... and he makes you hate the bad guys, Danglars, Villefort, Morcef... But in the end you end up doubting just like M. Le Comte.... Every character has an incredible story and every story will take you deap into the time and place and the feeling of it all....This book cannot be described. It must be read. If you will only read one good book in your life; make sure it's this one.
3 ||| VERY SIMALER TO A.W.O.L.IF YOU ARE A VAN DAMME FAN.YOU WILL LIKE IT.ALOT BETTER THAT KNOCK OFF
0 ||| This book was in a bad condition....couldn't even read it, had to throw it away it was so dirty...was not pleased with one of my first purchases from this site, which is what earned it this rating.
1 ||| My wife and I bought this just before our wedding as we needed a vacuum. We currently live in an older house that had that "older house" smell...musty, dank...this vacuum removed that smell...and lots of ground in filth that was in the carpet. The carpets not only smell better but I can actually see that they are cleaner. Cleanup is a breeze - press a button, detach the canister, hold over your trash can, and depress the lever. The placement of the on/off switch and rewind aren't the greatest but very minor in comparison to the cleaning this thing does.
1 ||| I bought two of the 633's two years ago and actually fell in love with the machine - despite the TV Guide debacle (blame cable companies on that, not the manufacturers). After a year and a half the first one stopped working. Best I can tell, the Hard Drive just failed. The cost for fixing makes it smarter to buy a new one - so I trashed it. A few months later the second one stopped working altogether also. I absolutely love the machine but there is obviously some problme with the hard drives. I am waiting until pioneer replaces this line (533/633) to buy a better one. Don't know why there is so little to choose from in the industry for this type of product.
0 ||| I have bought from this company twice and was happy with the product and, originally with the price. However, when I was ready to buy more beans this year, I found that the price had gone up 50% over last year. Needless to say I switched to a company that also sold organic soybeans, but for 20% less than what they are selling for here. It pays to do your research.Sorry I had to switch providers, but you shouldn't gouge your loyal customers.
1 ||| This game has alot to it, but not enough to KEEP you going. After building a few zoos with various animals, you really have no control over it. The scenery is intriguing, the animals look realistic, but do not act realistic, nor do your customers. Its not as easily manipulative as such games as Roller Coaster Tycoon, etc. Im glad I bought it, but its been gathering dust since a few days after it arrived.
1 ||| I've worked our regularly for years and have grown bored of the gym. I'm not a big class person so I tried this video. I was so amazed at what a workout it is! I read previous reviews that some wrote, stating it wasn't a cardio workout- nonsense! They're not doing it right- if you put effort it this, you'll sweat big time and tone your body as well. In reality, 30 mins does the trick and for someone who gets tired of the 60-90 mins workouts, this is a refreshing change! I'm now onto the Bootcamp video!
3 ||| The seller presented the title accurately and honestly. The book arrived in a timely manner, in tact.
1 ||| I knew this was going to be small, but it's even smaller than I imagined. It's slightly wider than a 2 switch light cover. It still does the job for most mail, but it's not wide enough for some things like netflix dvds and ads.
2 ||| ... and I wanted to root for the protagonist, but I just couldn't get behind her or any of the characters. Nobody was very likable, particularly Lee. Also, I had a hard time getting past some of the characters' unusual names--Gates, Hunter, Devin, Dede, Darden, Cross, Aspeth, Aubrey, Little, Horton, etc. I suspect these choices were deliberate on the author's part and that they might reflect the kinds of names you'd find in an East Coast boarding school, but I found them distracting.The last chapter was depressing, and I was glad when it was all over. Still, Sittenfeld is a great writer and I'd be willing to give her a chance again.
1 ||| Teachers, if you are looking for a reasonable movie version of the book to show to your students: THIS IS NOT IT. I planned on using it to help my freshman class to understand the book. It doesn't follow the book enough to even remotely resemble it. The plot line is altered and there's language. I suggest you look for another version.
4 ||| This book follows the same outline of the great novel "1984" by George Orwell. This book deals mainly with the threat that censorship poses on a nation. Guy Montag, a fireman, has never had a problem going along with the norm until he meets a young girl who changes his perspective on life. He then begins to question why he burns books which leads him into trouble with his boss Fire Chief Beatty. There are many important lessons that one can draw from this book but mainly the idea that books never die and that they live on in people's hearts and minds as long as there lessons are remembered. This book can teach young people to appreciate the importance of books, a must read.
4 ||| I really enjoyed this movie. It is part serious, and part funny. I believe that the movie really does give men an insight as to what women really want, but does it in a humorous way, making the movie enjoyable to watch. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone.
3 ||| The book was written in 1995.The writing style is not bad though there are several excursions into philosophy which are very speculative.If you have never read any layperson book before on string theory, this would be a good start.If you have already read Brian Greene etc, there is not much more that you can get from this book, especiallysince this book is older. Having watched Michio Kaku on TV, I was curious to read one of his books; hence picked this up.The one point I carried away from this book (which I have not seen mentioned elsewhere) is Kaku's assertion that the Physics is well-understood and all we are lacking is some "21st century Maths" to solve the equations that come up in String Theory (which is often described as a piece of 21st century Physics that just happened to be discovered in the 20th century)
0 ||| The Velvet Underground cover is incredible, as well as the live versions for Violet and Doll Parts, but the rest is quite dull. The cover art just looks like it's begging for attention, which is very annoying.
0 ||| I don't know why would someone call it a Large print. It's a bit larger than a regular, but not what I expected. Returning it.
1 ||| As specified above, the book isn't that good.Altough the book is high rated, many people may not want to read it.that's when the book report comes in: silently, Your teacher is plotting against you and your class mates. her plan is to make you read a boaring book(not all of the books, but most of them so no offence please), and then make you prove you did read it with a book report.the problem with the book report is that if the book is horribly boaring, you will brobably have to sit down and write boaring things while reading the same boaring chapter over and over again.my conclution is: if you have to do a book report about a boaring book, pay somone to do it for you, don't do it or get boared to death while trying.
3 ||| Like the other CDs from these two, this is a gem. Guy Van Duser is a master guitarist, with no limit to his technique. He doesn't let that technique take over, though. His playing is heartfelt and always swinging. Billy Novick is a master clarinetist/saxophonist as well. Together, they manage to infuse the older songs with a thoroughly modern sense of style and swing. The only detraction is the singing of Novick. It's okay, but unfortunately he isn't the singer that he is the clarinetist/saxophonist. Still, a minor quibble. This is a good CD
2 ||| this book is an ok book if you like to read about an old mans life then i would read this book. i look at the book as a dull book because all it talks about the life of an old man and how much he likes to fish. that does not sound like that much fun if all that he does for his free time. i could go to the river and watch someone fish and that would be a lot more fun then sitting down and reading about it. if you want to read it then go ahead but that is all i have to say about that.
0 ||| This version of the book was purchased because of the colored pictures. The colored pictures were not good quality, therefore, my daughter-in-law did not feel the cost of this version was worth it.
1 ||| This game is fun, but VERY hard! I had a very tough time getting all the 10 red gears on the 1st level. However, I got 5 out of the 10 red gears. Not bad, huh? If you are a hardcore videogame player, buy this, or if you aren't a hardcore videogame player, buy this and just play for fun.
4 ||| Of all the Dr. Seuss books I have from my childhood, I hadn't seen this until browsing on Amazon. This is great! (not that I'm surprised coming from the Seuss line). I had a blast reading it, and it's the first book my new daughter has seemed to actually respond to. I'd definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a "new read".
4 ||| I bought this book for my daughter. She needed it for some kind of school project that she was doing. I was really pleased with the option to buy new or used and also with the price. It made the book very affordable for us. It took a while to come though. I think we waiting for over a week, but other than that we were pleased with it.
3 ||| The costume is made from cheap thin material along with the mask almost feels like paper mashe. But my dauther loved it.
2 ||| I bought this for a friend for her birthday and it didn't have a picture posted but from the description I figured it was the old version without the scary lady on the cover but it wasn't. Oh well.
0 ||| On the substantive side, the dictionary is unsatisfactory because it does not have the pronunciation and the English part is British English ("boot", meaning trunk), even for slang (to "chat up", meaning "to pick up").On the non-substantive side, this dictionary rarely misses an opportunity to give the politically correct cliche (environmentalism, for big government, etc) or stereotype (e.g., for men as violent against women).
2 ||| I am very pleased with the start of the overseed that I planted. On Sept 29th I fertilized & overseaded 4 lbs. of Canada Green. It is very noticeable, expecially the rye grass. [Writen on Oct 19th] Hopefully, the real benifit will show up next spring.
4 ||| Volume 1 covers java.beans to org.xml packages useful for server side development.Volume 2 covers java.applet to javax.swing packages useful for developing GUI application.This is is a review for Vol. 1.This book is not for begineers or not for learning A Java.This book is a good reference bookfor all the java Packages, Classes and Interface.Packages is useful when you need an overview of a package or what other related classes areavailable in a package.Classes gives complete detail of the ancestry of the class and a list of every member in theclass.This part is useful when you're already working with a particular class and want quickreference to all of the members in the class.It has lots of hands on examples, which are very useful for finishing a particular task like,reading a file, sending a socket etc. like programmers need some basic routines,while coding.I recommend this book for those, who does professional coding and need to in touch with API.
4 ||| I've never seen NRBQ live, but this albume makes me feel like I have, and that they impressed me. These songs are full of feeling and make me want to dance. I love the cover of "Sitting in the Park."
0 ||| My most serious complaint about this book was the fact that it dragged out so far, and had so much irrelevant stalling. Who really cares about Larry Kramer trying to get "the girl with the brown lipstick?" In fact, a good portion of the book concerning Larry Kramer could be omitted, as could many of the ceaseless droning about the parties Sherman went to. They're irrelevant, so leave them out. I wish that the author had spent a little more effort on the ending, which is incredibly disappointing, with no real resolution. What kind of book ends with a paragraph to resolve the last 300 pages? Wolfe should have spent a little less time spinning his wheels, and a little more time making it worth it when you finally get to the end.
4 ||| My son is able to use the book as a tool to know what areas he needs help in. It is a good diagnosis tool.I am pleased with the book.
4 ||| Its a very comfortable bed. I bought this one because of the built in pump and was happy to find that it doubles as a vacuum pump to rapidly deflate the bed when you need to pack it away.Being an air bed it is really light when inflated. It should not be used on the edge of high places or staircase case.
1 ||| As Alex Cross embarks on his first case as an FBI agent, readers can't help but wonder how many, "worst killers" the poor guy has to catch before he can take a vacation to sort out his dysfunctional personal life. Ironically, his dysfunctional relationship with his "baby mama" is possibly the most entertaining part of the novel. Unfortunately Patterson misses the mark with this novel.
2 ||| First off, the detail in this story may attract some readers, but its realtion to the plot of the story is quite meaningless. As far as historical accuracy is concerned, the book falls far short of standars. The entire conflict at the North Bridge in Concord was not even covered, even though Soloman Chandler and Adam retreat to that area after the skirmish on the green. This is the pivital part of the entire engagement, and without it, the ensuing ambush would never have been possible. The description of life during the time should have been described in greater detail, so we can fully understand the atmosphere surrounding the family. I can't seem to understand why you believe the story was "gory". I thought the actual hand to hand fighting should have been described in better detail so the feeling of hoplessness for the colonists could actually be appreciated.
1 ||| Great writing, but the character...ug! I was miserable reading about her miserable time at school. Nothing happened for her because she didn't do anything for herself except wallow in self pity. Again, the book was extremely well written and I hope the author comes out with another book, but hopefully with characters full of life.
2 ||| This sequel to _Kidnapped_ does not start out as well as _Kidnapped_; however it soon makes up for it. _Catriona_ takes up the story of David Balfour only one or two days after _Kidnapped_. He must now try to clear his name and the name of James Stewart of the Appin murder. This will not be easy because the Campells want James Stewart to hang.
3 ||| From the point of view of someone who went through boarding school, I can tell you Prep is a good book. It's not all that realistic. But its really good. I wouldn't classify it with a Grapes of Wrath or Great Gatsby or anything like that. It's just a good interesting book like My Fractured Life or Old School.
2 ||| I have seen this excellent movie about 5 times (in B&W; Laserdisc) in the past. I am very happy with this color version (I will watch the the B&W; portion next year). After I noticed the colored automobile, I became engrossed in the story and I didn't notice the color much thereafter.This reissue is obviously better than tape or Laserdisc. If you have not upgraded to DVD yet, this is the version I would choose.Note that this the only "Living Dead" Type Movie I possess.
2 ||| I'm not a huge dance/techno/electronica/call-it-what-you-want fan, but I do dabble. And seeing the addition of vocals, bass and guitars to a dance outfit piqued my interest. Unfortunately, it didn't hold it. Nothing really bad here, it just didn't make much impression. "Drop the Break" is OK, and I liked the trance-y feel of "Yallah Habibe". The only other impression I got was the rather silly lyrics on "Abduction". Serviceable for background music, but not really an album I could get into.
0 ||| The included software is terrible and very difficult to use. I have a great printer and it still was able to mess every sheet up. I could not find any Word-compatible templates for these sheets, so we had to use the included software. Waste of $12.
0 ||| I bought this book by relying on the first fourcustomer reviews, all five stars. This was a sillytale without any strong characters. Having justfinished "The Vanishing Man" and "The Da Vinci Code",I can't give this book more than one star. Whoeverwrote about tension and suspense, I could not findany of them. The book was too predictable, and Elvislacks the smarts to be a half decent P.I.
1 ||| I bought this thinking it was the 1941 b-movie by the same name starring Mary Beth Hughes and Lloyd Nolan (it was labeled as such). I was disappointed, to say the least. This movie's just kind of boring and I didn't get my Mary Beth Hughes eye candy fix. I know this isn't helpful,but some sellers on Amazon Marketplace seem to be getting these two movies mixed up, so be sure to ask the seller which version of Dressed to Kill they're selling before you buy!
4 ||| Have you ever wondered what a great rock concert would sould like captured on CD? Well pick this up and you will find out in spades!!!!!!!!The wild guitar rock never stops on this album.It opens with a Derringer standard Let Me In. Eventually you are led to Midnight Road,one of Rick's best songs and it sounds even better here live than it did on the studio album.Plus check out Roll With Me.The intensity is so hot you'll be calling the fire dept.!!!!!!!
3 ||| We bought this playhouse for our daughter's 2nd B-day. First of all, let me say it is a beautiful playhouse! The door-bell doesn't ring loudly and the play phone rings the same way. It was very easy to build, but it took two people, for holding purposes. The front porch is very roomy but as you enter into the house it's VERY SMALL inside, 30 1/2 wide by 41 1/2 long!!!Overall, the house is quite large appearing as you view from the outside. The inside is LITTLE. I really can't see two children being able to play in the house part without knocking into each other. I really liked the porch idea but i just didn't realize that it took away sooo much inside the house section. I really like Step2 and we have several of their products but this one will have to go back. Sorry Step2!
4 ||| This is an old movie (circa 1970). Slap stick comedy. Great actors. Made for children/teens of that era but still very funny for adults now. A "Must see".
4 ||| One of the greatest movies ever made and no one wants to release it in wide-screen format. Movies like Casablanca & Citizen Kane changed how most movies, even today, are filmed. Why would anyone want to watch it stretched out to the point where details & background get lost? I get dizzy watching the camera swing back and forth to the speaking characters. While the special features are pretty good, I didn't buy this for a documentary & WB cartoon. I bought for the film. It is time this film was given the proper respect it deserves. If it can be shown on Cable in wide-screen then I should be able to get the Special Edition DVD in wide-screen.
4 ||| First, if you have not read this book you have to read it, you are hooked from chapter 1. It would be great if Gary Paulsen wrote a sequel like brian's winter. What if the blue light never came and he had to make a life living on the new planet earth. I think a sequel to this book would be as great as the Hatchet sequels. Please send responses to this.
3 ||| This c.d. is really good just some of the words aren't poetic.But, anyway,this is a good c.d. and all of you avril haters will love it. My personal favorites are:1.I'd do anything2.I'm just a kid3.addicted4.perfect.If you like the following bands you would probably like Simple Plan:1.Good Charlotte(good charlotte is a little more hardcore though)2.Blink-182 (a little more parental advisory if you know what I mean)3.Sum-41 (More hardcore)
4 ||| Unlike most of the reviews here, I was able to play this HD DVD without any problems. I use my Xbox 360 to play HD DVDs, which is able to automatically get any updates that are needed.Anyway, the movie follows the stories of multiple Italian people, all of different ages and background, as they embark on different milestones in their lives. The video is full of beautiful shots with great hi-def detail. The narration really adds to the video as none of the people speak English.I definitely would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Italy. My wife and I went there a few years ago and were happy to once again see places that we had visited.
3 ||| This mat fits perfectly. Definately use the velcro that comes with it to secure into place otherwise it will shift around when driving. The dash mat looks nice and keeps the heat from building up in the front window.
0 ||| Don't ask me again. I am already tired of reviews. Thank you. Aaaaaaa BBBBB CCCCCC BHHHHHB DD VB. DFFG DFHHJJ.
3 ||| I purchased the AudioVox 1680 for a trip to Florida with the grandchildren. We had quite a long plane ride and they were totally consumed in watching Harry Potter. It played with no trouble, but I noticed it was hot when the movie finished. My husband devised a stand that would allow the air to circulate under the unit and it has worked beautifully. I also use it when my husband watches a western on TV. Put the "earbuds" on and he doesn't even know I'm around. I like the "earbuds", as they allow two to listen. I think I made a good choice in the AudioVox 1680.
3 ||| Loved it...kept me warm in the pool...I suggest you do not wash in washing machine...will stretch out..hand wash in cold water.
2 ||| I enjoyed some of this book however, some of the information presented in this book as factual, in fact was not. Also her historical section was deviod of reference to many of the true pioneers of the sport. As entertainment it is ok as a giuide to snowboarding and it's cultural history, it falls far short. It's as if it was written by someone who really doesn't know much about snowboarding and just asked people for their opinions, taking them at face value.
1 ||| I thought this book had some great recipes but most didn't strike me as very kid friendly. There were a few but not that many.
2 ||| John Cleese expertly blends his trademark dry sarcasm with traditional documentary narration. I caught this as a rerun on my local PBS station in the middle of the night and found myself laughing out loud at his many unexpected comments. One scene where he calls the lemurs, "You bastards!" just slayed me.
4 ||| I enjoyed this movie, it was really great. It met my expectations, and I have ordered even more similar movies.
4 ||| Finally, a nice, good teenage novel that doesn't require use of love stories, text language and cheerleaders to score with readers.I was a little skeptical of it at first as Drugs aren't really my type of a good read, but Kate drew me in from the first page and from then on, the ride was smooth and captivating. There are rarely books that can lure me into their world. I admitt I can get picky at times, and if a book fails to bring me in in time, I will immediately abandon it. However, Jude managed to do it for me.A good plot, simple but effective expression and overall a recommendation
3 ||| I have been trying to get through this book with two thoughts in mind - when will it get better and why is he just rehashing the last book. If I had my druthers, I would have just listened to it on cassette. The specifics of the special ops unit has been the only part of the book that has been interesting.
4 ||| I saw an advanced screening of this movie, and I really found it to be thought provoking and powerful. Spacey and Winslet gave great, believable performances. Some of the editing threw me off, which kind of detracted from the the story. I had become very interested in this story and was pulled into it, then the way in which the movie transitioned between present and past pulled me back out. In spite of that, I really enjoyed this movie.I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone, so I won't give details. But my favorite part of the movie is the Govorner of Texas - a striking resemblance to GW. It was a nice touch.
3 ||| See the reviews for the AUA-1422 - a similar item with one extra 1394 port. Adaptec has some crazy requirements for a power supply (12V, 2.1A), and used to offer one that fit them through their store, but apparently no longer do! Without the adapter, this unit is only usable for items that draw almost no power through the USB or 1394 connection - which is a shame, because the Adaptec 1394 implementation was always the most stable on my machines. Look for one that includes an AC adapter or some other way of bringing power to the unit instead.
4 ||| I loved it beyond all comparison. I'm a large movie person, and I know my stuff. This movie was a mixture of hard action, romance, hot men, and a great soundtrack! I think everyone should see this movie, and forget what the critics say. You know what you like. And I think you'll definitly love this movie.
4 ||| I love watching Dirty Dancing. I loved Patrick Swayze in this movie and will miss him. My daughter and I love this movie.
1 ||| I really love this hairdryer, but I seem to have to replace them every six months or so. I take great care of them and clean the filter every day, but it starts shooting sparks and then the heating element goes.
0 ||| It was necessary to return this product since it was not the model I hoped to receive. I searched for a particuar item by model number and received the single pistol case which was a different model number and half the size.When I ordered the case it was impossible to determine from the picture whether it was the right model.I ultimately returned the case and purchased another case from a local sporting goods store.
0 ||| I felt that the movie was low budget and did not have a realistic plot. The movie did not keep my attention and I did not watch the whole thing. It was a waste of money.
0 ||| Chris Cooper and Meryl Streep are great. Nicholas Cage is not very good. The movie as a whole was extremely boring, disjointed, and horribly written. I was really excited to see this movie. It had gotten rave reviews and friends recommended it. What a big disappointment. Don't waste your time. Skip over this one and see something else.
1 ||| I had a Schrade Barlow for 40 years. It was my father's before that. So I don't know how old it was. It my husband's favorite picnic knife, but we lost it. These Made in China knives look pretty much the same, but the spring action is disappointing and the thumb groove not deep enough. I'm now looking for an old knife.
1 ||| In "Waiting for the World to End", Tom Olsen is a middle-aged high school English teacher and basketball coach. He has never married and is haunted by the abortion he and his first fiance had 20 years earlier. He gets through daily life by not caring about much and having a beer or 2 every day. He meets his star player's mother, Mary, and instantly falls head over heels for her. He can never have her. His dream could become a reality, though, after a secret her husband Virgil has been harbouring coms out 3 quarters of the way through the book. It has many fate-determining events throughout the book and it never really loses your attention. The plot and characters were very well written and developed. It isn't, however, a favorite of mine.
4 ||| I love this tea! You drink it and you just quietly get tired and no med type hangover in the morning! I have a pretty high med tolerance so actually finding something to help me fall asleep is hard. It tastes good and works!
1 ||| Overall it's pretty good, but find it disturbing that just when I get attached to a character they are written off for some reason.
1 ||| CUZ THIS BOOK IS A "SNOOZE FEST!"ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE IS RIGHT CUZ THAT'S HOW MUCH TIME YOU'LL NEED IF YOU EVER WANNA FINISH THIS!I HIGHLY DOUBT OPRAH MADE IT PAST CHAPTER ONE.ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
4 ||| The Good: The artwork and paneling is beautiful - George Perez and Ron Lim have done a top job! I esp. liked the sequence where Captain America, Silver Surfer and Warlock attempt to steal the infinity gems from Thanos. The story and dialogs are also nicely done.The Bad: I found the ending a little confusing and anti-climactic but that may be because I am not familiar with characters such as Warlock and Thanos. Also the artwork on some of the fullpage drawings appears very faint - I don't know if this is true for all copies or my bad luck.Overall a good buy.
1 ||| I bought this based on a recommendation from church. Donny and Maria sing superbly, but my objections deal with the costumes. The skin-tight provocative dancers was totally unnecessary for a supposedly family-friendly version. And Joan Collin's outfit as Potiphar's wife was overboard as well. My boys turned there heads when watching it with me. I can not recommend this to others.
2 ||| had to have it though. like the trinity movies. have all of the others also. Boot Hill is not Terrence Hill's best though. not the traditional bambino.
4 ||| This is a great book...It's filled with a hundred spells from various cultures, religions and traditions that work independent of any specific culture, religion or tradition. What's wonderful about it, is that Draja focuses on making magick PRACTICAL. How refreshing! A lot of the spells are simple to perform and require items that are easily available to most people. There are a few spells that i find to be rather peculiar or overly time-consuming, but they're an interesting read at the least. He provides practical spells for most of the situations that people encounter in their daily lives...money, health, jobs, luck, relationships, etc. He does have a slight paternal tone in telling people not to alter the spells, but i take that to simply be a guardrail for the novice magick user. It's a great little sourcebook for spells and as inspiration to help you create your own. Definately a "must-have" for me! =))
0 ||| The picture and what I received are two different things. What I really wanted was the 1/2" spiral curling iron. The item I received did not even have a spiral curling iron. So I returned it !!!!
0 ||| This movie just ripped off darkness falls and it even failed at doing that. It's really about helping friends, not turning your back like a punk!
3 ||| santana's album is titled "What the game's been missing"Apt title since his latest release has braught a sense of a new flow to the game. His entire style is different from others and his originality is to be commended.with appearances from cameron, Sizzla, and many others, santana's album will have you hooked from the first track to the very last.
2 ||| If you liked the stuff Rhett did several years back (what happened to you Rhett??) then you will like this cd. In fact, most of these songs sound like they came out of the sessions for his first studio record. From what I heard, Rhett was playing Garth Brooks covers at a county fair in Gerogia and fell off the stage, smacking his head not once but twice. He was unable to sing or even drive his dodge ram, so they dug some old stuff out of the studio and released it as new. good luck
3 ||| This movie picks up a few years after the famous American Graffiti ended, and follows the same cast of characters from the original during the turbulent Vietnam era. All the same actors are back except John Dreyfus. Using a unique series of split screens, often times they show the action going on in different places or from differing vantage points. They have all moved on and the movie captures each persons story individually. The focal point for each character concerns events in their lives surrounding a crucial mid 60's New Year. While not quite the feel good movie like the original- it continues the story and follows the events of the mid 60's.
0 ||| "Be the Best at Something".There you go, that's the whole book.I just saved you a few bucks and a few hours.
0 ||| I took this product as directed and didn't see any significant gain in energy, muscle or strength so not sure what this product does for the price they charge.
4 ||| Look forward to using for a future kayak trip. The book provides thorough information, maps, and details. A good book.
0 ||| Bought headphones used but in excellent condition from flea market. Noise cancelling feature is non-existent. However, the sound quality is good. THe bass is just right and the other sound aspects is in good proportion.You won't damage your ears. This is the first noise cancelling headphones i evered listened to. Maybe other noise cancelling headphones are the same? Best thing about this product is it light weight, folds, and ear cups are comfortable. THe cord is just the right length, not too long for ipod use. Overall, Worth only $15 or less.
1 ||| I ordered these jeans for my 16yo son & he really liked them. The only thing he would have preferred was a lower rise, but he's wearing them without complaints. :)
0 ||| I've enjoyed the eight previous Land Before Time adventures, but not this one. Rent it before you buy it. I'm glad I did. I feel the animation and dialogue are not as good as others, the voices are different and more irritating, and Cera is more negative than usual. I realize that this review is also negative and may not get many helpful votes from readers...but really, I'm not criticizing just to criticize. Rent before you buy.
0 ||| This seemed to be a collection of essays that don't quite go anywhere. Maybe for somebody it's good but for me it felt like mix of artists and cultural studies types who don't really get online with some people who spend too much time online in mud's and other virutal 'worlds'. It seem to lack any theortical or intellectual backbone. Aside from that, if you get a list of the essays most of them can be found online. ;)
2 ||| Thirty years ago, Alfred Crosby published The Columbian Exchange about the populations of both hemispheres, communication of diseases, and long term implications of the initial contact in this rich, readable, scholarly work. 1491 is a knock-off of the previous work, just as DaVinci Code lifted Holy Blood, Holy Grail. Everything old is new again--just give credit where credit is due.
3 ||| I enjoyed this book immensely and feel that it adds another facet to an overall portrait of Richard Feynman. No one book is ever going to have it all, the physics, the bio, the insight, but this adds a very appealing view from one who was at least on the same floor at CalTech as Feynman himself. As the Zen Master said, it is when something is dying that it is the greatest teacher and in this book Feynman is dying but he's going out the same way as he lived and there is a lot to be learned from him. He gives the author a push toward living in his own skin and finding his own path and does it with the directness that always characterized Feynman. Words to live by? When Feynman tells Leonard that if he's unhappy he should think about that but that when he's happy just let it be and on't question it.
0 ||| I cannont people have the audacity to rate this movie with full stars!! The only good thing this movie is good for is pure hysterical boredom. If you're a fan of really, REALLY bad acting... this is the movie for you. I have watched it about 5 times,usually while feeling irie, because it is simply made for laughter. The best part is when that redhead is caught puking in the bathroom, oh my goodness...can someone please HELP that pathetic woman?Truthfully, one of my favorite movies of all time, simply because it's so terrible that I can't believe it's real.
3 ||| My 15 month old enjoys playing in her play tent a little, mostly just crawling through it right now. I think when she gets a little older, she'll enjoy it more. My only complaint about the tents are the velcro tabs that connect the tents to the tunnels and to each other. When you get kids tugging on this very light tent, the tabls can tear. It would be very nice if they made them to connect with zippers.
3 ||| I bought this movie because it was the only Stephen King movie I didn't have. It was ok. I think a man would like it more that I did.
1 ||| And that says it all. Would NOT recommend to those who walk traditional or hereditary paths unless you're looking for some background work on learning to cast a circle.
0 ||| At first the book is very confusing and lame, but it gets better towards the middle. The idea is a little stretched out. I think the book should have ended without the last couple of chapters because I got sick of reading it. The author seems a little messed up.
0 ||| I bought a couple of these for my sons. They love to play with them, but after only a few hours of use, the batteries are dead! This could get really expensive considering the batteries are about $3 each. Also, one thing that gets very irritating is the shaking of the PET that has to be done when you get a "virus". Very annoying!
3 ||| Honestly, I bought this album because of one or two tracks I liked in particular. Namely "Walter."Rest of the album, while certainly nice on their own, seem a bit repetitive when played straight through.Nice work, though.
2 ||| I very much wanted to like this book, but didn't. Waugh is one of a group of conservative, mostly-Catholic, British writers (Anthony Powell, T.S. Eliot, C.S. Lewis, Graham Greene) who have defied the conventional wisdom of the time they wrote & have outlasted the much more numerous contemporary writers of the Left. And I loved his book Scoop.Brideshead tells the story of Charles Ryder and his infatuation with the dysfunctional, upperclass, Roman Catholic, Marchmain Family in the years between the Wars. The characters are too effete and indolent to sustain our interest, until the rather more interesting conclusion--wherein most of the Marchmain clan have their own religious epiphanies--which nearly redeems the book. I'd call this one a near miss, but better than most.GRADE: C
1 ||| I can usually force myself to read a romance novel, not so, however with this. The constant use of simile, including the ridiculous love scenes, "She cried out her pleasure as a thousand diamond sparkles exploded across the back of her eyes..." (please) was annoying in the extreme. The author tried to be funny, but ended up being obnoxious instead. I did give this one star, and even if I could have given it no stars I would have given it at least one due to the author's effort to entertain her readers. Next time I would suggest she do a little more research, and give her readers a little more to chew on other than her one dimensional characters, and predictable, silly story.
1 ||| Jaws might be one of my favorite films. Really, it's a masterpiece of story telling and as director Steven Spielberg often states, full of happy accidents. So when you see my 1 star review, what you need to understand is my review is not of the film, itself. It's of this edition.The sound mix in this film is awful. Remastered in 5.1 with new effects added. Effects that are just plain bad. Effects that sound like they were taken from free MP3 clips on the web bad. Poorly excuted, muting the effect of the intended scenes, screwing up or altering how well dialogue can be heard and just plain ruining the film. Avoid this DVD version at all costs.
4 ||| It's about time an artist gave us music that everyone can enjoy. The pop music business, for the most part, thinks all people want to hear about are negative images. I have a feeling sales of this CD will prove people want positive music. It's refreshing to be able to actually understand the lyrics and not feel uncomfortable listening to them. Three generations of our family have been "taken" by Clay Aiken and can't wait to hear more. I highly recommend this CD.
4 ||| This movie is a good thriller. It staggers the imagination as far as how well it has succeeded. I am in agreement with Robert Shaw, the British actor who played Quint (which Amazon has amazingly left out of the actors listed for the film). Shaw didn't believe the film would do well, so he took a flat fee for his role, rather than the percentage he was initially offered. A mistake, in hindsight. However, I agree with his initial instinct. This film is fun, but flatter than a pancake. The most interesting part of the movie is the character Quint, which, by the way, Shaw added to by creating interesting lines for his character. Shaw was not just a great actor, but a very fine writer as well. Here's to the memory of Robert Shaw--you are greatly missed, Robert!
1 ||| I was not expecting much at all from a Stallone movie, but still, a friend of mine, also fan of F1 racing, finally convinced me to go to see it. Not only is there no story at all, but even car racing sequences are totally unrealistic. It makes you wonder whether or not you are watching a parodia of another even more useless movie. At least, when Austin Powers was parodying James Bond, one could laugh. Here, you don't, and you'd find yourself regularly checking your watch just to find out that there is still way too much time left for enduring this terrible movie! Regardless of who you are, save your bucks for a drink or two when you attend a real race.
0 ||| I suppose this isn't the worst book I have ever put down half-read. But I can't imagine why anyone would waste their time or money on it. The "humor" is just boring and occasionally disgusting. If the sound of flatulence or the sight of ill-fitting trousers on an obese person drive you into paroxysms of laughter, this book is undoubtedly for you. If you're plagued by subtlety and taste, and your sense of humor admits the odd guilty pleasure, I suggest instead The Liar, by Stephen Fry: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ISBN=156947012
3 ||| While Crocodile Rock may have been his major springboard (Don't Shoot Me ... 1972), the 16 songs featured on Goodbye Yellow Brick Road are arguably the finest of his many collaborations with Bernie Taupin. From the solemn-turned-rocking Funeral for a Friend/Loves Lies Bleeding to the whimsical ballad Harmony, John gives us a splendid example of what one writer once labeled as "his superlative musical perception." And few albums spotlight the talents of supporting cast like this: Nigel Olsson in particular deserves major applause for his drumming technique, especially on Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding. I loved this album when it first appeared on vinyl, and I love it as much today on CD.
0 ||| So tedious and uninspired I was comparatively enraptured by the Entertainment Weekly I read while this thing plodded on in the background.
2 ||| great if you own a yard not so big a small one like mine, not so great if you plan to use it in large areas.
0 ||| When this phone first came out, I was really excited- I wanted a corded, but needed a cordless along with the features it had.Within six months, the speaker blew. Now- I can only hear my messages if I retrieve them through the cordless and obviously I can't use the speakerphone; highly inconvenient. In addition,the cordless has really poor battery life.I'm now in the market for another phone and will not buy any GE or Southwestern bell.
4 ||| This game stays true to the characters and is great fun for kids (and parents!).You play on stages at a studio. There is a saloon, a labratory, beach, and more.Fun ways to nail your opponent, just like the cartoons! Your weapon hanges with the new stage you are on. Some are anvils, huge mallets, pan, axe, bone, electricity, bubble gun, bombs, pumpkin shooter, bee hive, a mini storm, flame thrower.There are not many games on XBOX that are kid friendly. This one hits the mark!
2 ||| I have three other Kitchenaid appliances... a stand mixer, a food processor, and a stick blender. I purchased this because I had high expectations from the Kitchenaid brand name. I intended to use it to grind spices. Although it does grind very well, it makes a small mess. I ground cinnamon sticks into a medium fine powder. Some of the powder escaped through a gap between the lid and the base, coating the grinder and the counter. The good news is all this can easily be cleaned up. The bowl disconnects from the base so you can wash it. I cleaned the dust off the base with a pastry brush. Bottom line, this will do the job, but there are probably other units that will do it better (or cleaner).
1 ||| The Psalms in Worship is a selection of Psalms or Psalm parts divided to be read by leader and congregation, by two voices, by chorus and solo voices ... etc. While I am fond of antiphonal Psalm repetition and while Psalm scholarship has shown that some Psalms are intended to be done in various voices, I fail to see how the divisions proposed by the authors of this volume enhance or emphasis the meaning and structure of the Psalm.The final section of this book includes responsories based on Psalms which are well done. For example a call to worship based on Psalm 34:3 has the leader say "Glorify the Lord with me" to which the people respond "Let us exalt his name together".I do not, however, find this portion sufficient to justify recommending the book.
0 ||| My favorite episodes of Smallville were when they introduced other superhero characters. So I LOVED the beginning part of this season where they had a bunch of different superheroes. But at the end? Clark adopts "superboy" and when Clark disappears for 3 weeks, no mention of Superboy. The same with the Wedding (that did not happen). No superheros show up to see their best friend get married? Come on? What a let down. As for budgeting, the budgeting constraints were very obvious in the 2nd half of this season. Very low budget. If you watched this show all of the way through, you are going to buy the tenth season no matter what. For me, from what was being said at the beginning of the season, and the quality of the first half of the tenth season, I was disappointed in the second half of the tenth season.
3 ||| Unlike Mr Orwell apparently, I can actually remember 1984 and believe you me some of his recollections of the era are well off the mark. There were no such things as Memory Holes, was no such country as Eurasia and Big Brother did not hit our screens until 1999. I also find it staggering that there was no mention of Rubiks Cubes or the film Spies Like Us. On the other hand I did approve of some of the stricter measures bought in to promote sensible behaviour in the office which were advocated in this book.
4 ||| I loved this book! It is no wonder why disney adapted it to the big screen.As with all books turned into movies, the book is different but better. So if you are looking to follow the story of the film... just rewatch the movie lolthe moment I finished this book I went and purchased the other 6 books in the series... :-)
3 ||| It seems that all of the other reviewers were under the impression that this is a CD from Charlotte Church. They were, however, terribly misinformed. While Charlotte Church is an amazing artist with a wonderful voice, she is not the same as the artist Charlotte. Charlotte is dance music/vocal house artist. She sang last year's huge hit Skin, and is a favorite on dance floors everywhere. This CD is a compilation of remixes by the world's most famous DJ, Junior Vasquez. On it he remixes two songs, Charlotte's Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, and Kim English's Higher Things. The mixes cover everything from the shorter radio edits, to the extended club versions, and even hard beat mixes. Junior Vasquez remains one of the best remixers in the industry, and these mixes are among his best. If you are a fan of Charlotte Church, then this is not your type of CD, but if you are a fan of Junior's or of vocal house music, then this is a must have.
1 ||| I'm sorry, but I just couldn't stay awake to see this complete video. Whenever a cliche' scare comes up, I fall asleep....and this was often. I saw the original 60's version and, sorry, but that one was a snoozer too. I think this story could be phenomenally scary, but the right party has yet to make it.The only really scary thing about this movie is looking like Lily Taylor and having to share the screen with Catherine Zeta-Jones. She's a Goddess!!
0 ||| The author seems to be angry at God and it is shown by his very low opinion of God. His characterizations of God and His motives are far from Biblical truth. He attributes God as having been "lured (by Satan)...into torturing the innocent Job." (p. 32). It is clear that Mr. Miles' lacks an understanding of certain basic hermeneutic and exegetical principles.
3 ||| very happy with the appearance, the ease at which it was put together, and the amount of light it gives off. perfect addition to the livingroom.
3 ||| I Need A Hot Album and this one ain't that hot. I'm a Cash Money fan but I have to say thier are only two good songs on this album. All of the other songs are so slow and boring. Only get this cd if its really cheap.
2 ||| One of the few bike racks that I found that could fit cruiser wide tires and 4 bikes. Price was good compared to competition. Only complaints are it's heavy and if you have a lift back you can't open it with the bikes on the rack.
4 ||| I had been looking for LeapFrog Lily for some time. My oldest gradson loved his LeapFrog Leap & I knew there was a numbers singing Lily. I was very pleased with this purchase and my grandsons, ages 8 months & 8 weeks absolutely love her.
4 ||| I really like this song. It has a chipper beat and the lyrics are good. The video is ok. It mainly just shows a lot of Mark Mcguinn. It does sound a lot like "Joe and Rosalita" by Phil Vassar though (that's not a bad thing).
3 ||| I truly believe that this is the only book you need to read. It has all the concepts, theories about the story. Densly written and every sentence has concept, theory in it. Starts with the history of cosmology and continues with Cosmological Models, Origin of Galaxies, theory of Galaxy formations and star formations and future of the Universe. Inflation and other theories are all covered to the extend that space allows. What I liked most in this book is that it covers everything and you do not need to read ten books to get the idea complete. For more technical oriented person, book has Mathematical section at the end describing the concepts with formulas. Author always gives brief description of concepts and usually he explains any conclusion with reasons so that if you can not derive the conclusion by yourself there is the reason.This book together with Kip Throne's beautiful book on Black Holes will make it complete.
2 ||| While I love the look of this shoe, is runs small. I will be returning them. I needed them in a hurry and was able to find a pair local. I purchased the same pair just had to go up 1/2 size. The shoe its self is a great shoe very comfortable.
1 ||| I found the book to be incredibly exciting and I assumed that all that entertainment would translate easily to film. I guess not!It wasn't until I tried to watch the movie on DVD after seeing it the theaters opening night that I realized how very boring the movie is. I have been unable to watch it all the way through a 2nd time.
4 ||| Super fast delivery. The last ear loop on my Jawbone had worn out. The large ear gel fit over the Jawbone earbud and, with a little superglue, stays there. It fits in my ear without using any loops. After a full day, the ear is a little tender, but it is getting better the more I use it. I would highly recommend the ear gels for anyone with a Jawbone. Improves sound and the fit of the sensor with the jaw.
4 ||| Compared to all the night world books this one is the best! I love how Rasheal is so brave and finds her soulmate while fighting vampires.
0 ||| Let me use an analogy for this. When you want to see naked people and/or sex but don't want to waste time on something like a plot you watch porn. "XXX" is that but for those who want to see an action movie. Nothing real believable or captivating here, just a lot of stuff blowing up and people getting shot. That is pretty much "XXX" in a nutshell.
4 ||| "We shall break down all the walls-to let the green wind blow free from end to end-across the earth."No ordinary SF novel, "WE" questions the wisdom of 1920's Russian body politik, The Party. Banned and suppressed there, even today, Zamyatin's distopian nightmare demands of the reader a re-thinking of their rights to choose and the necessity of eternal change, r/evolution.Earnest and beautiful, one man's personal diary of the events surrounding the legislation of mandatory brain operations within a hermetically enclosed city-state, is a subtle, terse and poetic examination of fear of, and need for freedom. I highly reccommended to anyone without hesitation. Zamyatin's philosophical enquiry is personal and lyrical
4 ||| No issues at all even while driving through Hurricane Irene. Albeit in only 30-60 mpg wind gusts... Works great for the money.
4 ||| I have had four cases for my ipod and this one is the best. Although the front and back plastic shields do scratch fairly easily the rubber sides protect the ipod when it is dropped.
0 ||| Have had this gong hanging in 3 different places outside my house...even in the strongest of wind, it doesn't gong. The whole thing blows, but, never does the striker actually hit the gong. Save your money!
1 ||| The family dog is mutilated. The family is in danger so they jump into their truck to escape and it won't start. Two horror movie cliches within the first 5 minutes of the movie. I should have just turned it off and saved my time.Alex is a 25 year old whose intellect begins to grow by leaps and bounds. He can read entire books in seconds and remember everything he's read. He teaches himself to be a chess master in a matter of days. He also sees creatures in his dreams that begin to come to life, murdering people Alex has come into contact with. He goes to friends and doctors searching for answers to what is happening to him.The box made Head Space sound interesting but it wasn't. This was 90 turgid minutes of middling acting and bad plotting. The makeup on the creatures was ok. This movie wasn't exciting, suspenseful or scary.
1 ||| I, Sir Charles Butterweight, am dismayed and perplexed before this latest installment in the once delectable Harry Potter series. I shall accord the directors a chance to redeem themselves in the next opus, although I feel compelled to state now that if it is anywhere near as bad as this one, it will definetly count the last for old Charlie boy.
1 ||| It keeps your coffee warm but not hot. The problem is that most cups that are made do not have a flat bottom, therefor do not have enough contact with the heater to transfere heat to the cup.
2 ||| Set in the 1930s, Kong again climbs the Empire State Building. Naomi Watts is Ann Darrow. This Kong suffers from an excess of mayhem once the adventurers arrive on Skull Island. The bug scenes are annoying, and it would have been enough for Kong to vanquish two tyrannosaurs instead of three. A consolation is that Naomi does not scream as much as Fay Wray. She develops an affection for the beast. Watts is beautiful and slides into the role naturally. The natives are more sinister than those in the original. The remake is thrilling if you can hang in for 3 hours and 7 minutes.
2 ||| It is a wonderful cd works great my only complaint is I wish it had more songs from both of them!!!
2 ||| The book overall was great. The Giver talks about a utopian society that aims for sameness. The receiver escapes and causes the memories he has received go back to the people. It is all good except that in the last chapter it is a terrible ending. The receiver is ending his journey and yet the author cuts it off with that he saw lights and remembered love. Then it all ends. No mention of how it was like to get to the houses or anything. Completely terrible ending. And the trilogy as described in wikipedia is loosley connected. In fact, not even the same main character is used in the next book, gathering blue.
4 ||| This is one my Favorite Metal Bands of all time I have been following them for some time now and am shamefully just getting to this review I cant pick a song that I can say is my favorite They all are! This is a Required CD if you are a True Metal Fan
3 ||| I bought this as an entertaining video for elementary aged students. They liked the story despite the fact that the sound and video were completely out of sinc.
1 ||| A friend gave me this book feeling that I would enjoy the way it was written and how Mr. Richardson uses language throughout. She was half right.The twists and little turns of phrase and language were enjoyable, but rare. Instead, uncommon words are used to fill the simple sentences and try to lend some weight to an unremarkable book.Otherwise, the brothers are barely distinguishable, though they have completely different mannerisms. There is nothing that grabs hold of the reader to differentiate between them or any of the guests.If I found it in a $.10 box at a yardsale, I would buy it. Otherwise, it isn't worth the cost of shipping.
2 ||| This book is a sorry excuse for science or criticism based on science. While being skeptical about environmental issues is probably a good idea, this is not the book where you will find reasonable arguments on both sides. Lomborg picks his data to support predetermined conclusions, not the other way around. He often chooses to cite studies or reports that are over 30 years old while ignoring or downplaying more current information. The data he presents are often superficial and misleading. He makes no attempt to help the reader see the data in context - yet that is what rational skepticism is all about. In each chapter he concludes by saying nothing serious is really wrong. So if you want a book that says, "Don't worry - be happy," lull yourself to sleep with this one. But if you want to take a look at why you might be skeptical about the claims of some environmentalists, then find a book by someone who can differentiate between being critical and being Pollyanna.
0 ||| I couldn't help but fall asleep whilst reading this book. I only was able to go through about a little over a half, mostly because I was required to read it. Generally, the book is about a middle eastern girl living in a Harem and surrounded by the conflicting Western Power, the French Army. Lots of battles with tradition and western cultures, and primarily about the rift between men and women. So you're in for a subtle yet quite obvious gender conflict, which was in my opinion awfully sexist (I know it's from the view of a woman but that doesn't take away from the fact that she explicitly tries to write as if she were a child again with "innocence" yet fails because of her mature agenda). The author, Mernissi, spends about 10-15 pages per chapter driveling on about the most useless facts or coincidences. Just when you think she's reaching her point and finally bear fruit, it's the start of a new chapter and another take on a topic or segment of her life that is completely irrelevant.
2 ||| not even hell can apparantly stop this guy.i counted 80 people that mickey and mallorey killed on natural born killers.jason did the same in his whole career!not to talk him down though hes cool.its the same as any other jason movie only more definate supposedly at the end.after this hes alive in space in jason x and fighting freddy in part 11.itsa bit over average as far as the series goes.the part where he actualy goes to hell is cool visualy.its cool check it out!
1 ||| "" This is the best version of this book in kindle store! It contents a unique images plus a dinamic table of content. The book made up in original way. ""I don't think a book description this illiterate (referring to both language and technology) can be taken seriously. No spell check? No grammar check? Give me a break!Moving along to the next version...
3 ||| I must admit I thought the third film in the franchise was a lot of fun, most notably with the integration of the 3D photography. Here though is the problem: it becomes very apparent that Paramount/Dreamworks is so eager to release this, that they throw this version out to the masses, minus the expected extensive supplemental material - the word is that the deluxe (and 3D) version is coming out in November/December AND given the (highway robbery)price $31.49, Paramount/Dreamworks thinks that Joe-consumer is an utter twit and will buy anything Transformers related at the drop of the hat - well, I ain't buying this version, I'll wait for the 3D version.Oh and according to Paramount's press release the MSRP is 29.99 not 44.99 - Amazon is RIPPING US OFF - big time!!!!
3 ||| The first time I ever heard this album,back around 1990,I thought 'What the hell is this?', then it grew on me like an evil green fungus.Every song on this album has to do with H.P. Lovecraft,who wrote really twisted science fiction/horror stories. These aren't really songs as much as they are snippets from the life of Lovecraft.From his living situation,his aunt's attic,to the subject of his stories this album covers it all.If you love bass heavy punk and Lovecraft then this album is for you.
0 ||| What a disappointment! Writers block supreme! they resurrected every villain, acquaintance, and relative of Clarks. They made him face and defeat every one he ever fought and then killed them off again. So many flashbacks the viewer often lost sight of what was actually going on. More alternate dimensions, got sent back to the phantom zone, the Luthers, on again off again weddings, and any other trite cliche you can think of. Barely watchable and certainly not worth the price.
2 ||| I'd read a couple of chapters, and didn't really find it engaging. I set it down, and intended on just returning it. I picked it back up because I'd run out of other books, and decided to stick it out in hopes it'd get better. The premise of the story is good and intriguing, but I found the actual content boring. I felt the main character Festina was very flat and 2-D. It was hard to want to keep hearing from her and thought it would have been better told from another characters perspective. Also, while I know the language of Oar was to set the tone of how she learned English, it was overdone. The repetitive cussing dulled its purpose and just made it annoying. Rating - Idea premise: B+, Content: C-; Overall: C.
0 ||| Boring. Pointless details. Unbelievable. If I were a young girl aroung the time of the Haulacust, I would not help a German. I would give it 0 stars if I could.
0 ||| I don't think this guy sucks completely but he is pretty overrated. I read articles saying that he is the next Elvis Presley. Hahahaha, that's funny. I can see him being the next Richard Marx but he's never gonna be up there with the king.Triumph The Insult Comic Dog said it best..."Ruben or Clay, which one to pick? It's like choosing what puddle of vomit to lick".
3 ||| This book is in my library because the man had an insight,on coming events.He wrote this book in 1995,and talks,relates on issues that are taking place as we speak.For one,Mexican army incursions into the southwest.This was on 60 minutes,with footage,so don't say it did'nt happen.This book outlines how to prepare,how to protect,and to keep our species(white)alive.You are going to need survival skills in the future,so you better start now.For those of you who can't smell the coffee yet,I hope God loves you,because to do nothing,your going to need it.This is no joke,look at the events in this country right now,tell me everything is rosy,if so,your a fool,and may God have mercy on your soul!
3 ||| I love this show, however, there are 14 episodes in the first season and this DVD only shows the first eight. This is kind of annoying as the best episodes happen towards the end of the season. I hope the BBC will release another DVD that contains all the episodes, but for now this one is still somewhat enjoyable.
4 ||| I give it a thumbs up and I will definitely be buying the next book in the series by Lois Lowry
0 ||| A classic... But not in the running with today's animation. It's slow with scenes that children shall yawn at (for lack of understanding). The main reason I bought it is because I had a crush on the main character as a young child. Overall, however, this movie is tedious with weird charaters.
3 ||| Book was in fairly used shape. Enjoyed the book just found this series would like to find more of the series
0 ||| I viewed this movie and was very upset when I saw how the black woman was depicted in this film, it was not a great film, or love story, just more un-natural sex, I hate race mixing!
4 ||| The book arrived in about five days, I was very satisfied with it. I have no complaints. Service was great and fast.
4 ||| I love this CD! Judy Rubenstein has created a wonderful recording and an invaluable teaching tool. Everyone can now learn the traditional melodies of the Passover holiday. I recommend it to anyone who wants to conduct or participate in a festive, joyous, and lively Seder.
1 ||| I enjoyed the dishes but half of my big bowls, and half of my small plates were shattered in their boxes in transit to me. Amazon sent me replacements, but now are telling me via e-mail that they need the broken pieces, whilst the customer service person on the phone told me not to bother to send the shards back.Amazon is now threatening to charge me for the replacements (which should be free of charge since they were broken in transit to me).
1 ||| Great idea but would be even better if the product worked 100% or even 80%. At least 3 of the 12 tins on the board have bonded shut somehow, so now I no longer have a usable tin and I can't use the spices that I bought and put in them .... a double waste.
3 ||| It is not a very glamourous product but it does the job. Simple and well built, this product has been better than the plastic ones I have owned before. It was money well spent on a product that most people do not give much thought to, except when the boots are muddy or covered with snow.
1 ||| Not one of my favorite Jodi Piccoult books. A little depressing and strange. I would not recommend this book to Jodi Piccoult fans.
3 ||| I found this a slow read, but worthwhile or I would have given it up.The details in the book are very complete, so that you almost feel that you are on the train with the detective.Somehow the punishment of the villain seems to be less than the crimeinvolved deserved? The description of how the detective makeshimself blend with the background in an unremarkable way is very good as well. I enjoyed the book, but not enough to give it high marks.
0 ||| I ordered the movie for my collection from Amazon. But it didn't come from Amazon. I came from an outside vendor that misrepresented it. It said it was a "full screen" version, but what I got was the "wide screen" version. Of coarse, no response from Amazon or the vendor. At least I got a copy of the movie.
0 ||| I picked this book up when i was beginning to get good with women. I had no theory or anything, i just did what seemed natural to me. I wanted to get even better so i picked it up and decided to do as it said. Whosh - game gone.First - this book tells you not to touch women. ANYONE good with women will tell you that touching, or Kino is the MOST IMPORTANT THING. It is VITAL. This book tells you the opposite. It's like telling somebody to go skydiving without a parachute. You're bound to crash.Second - it tells you ONLY to approach women who are staring at you. Anyone else isn't interested. This is SO WRONG. Almost as wrong as the first.Don't buy this book if you are planning to succeed with women.
2 ||| TW: How would you compare [working on Blue Velvet] to say, Showgirls?Kyle Machlachlan: That was pretty embarrassing.
3 ||| For a classier historical novel about the Boleyns, I recommend The Lady in the Tower by Jean Plaidy.
0 ||| even at a discounted price of 28 dollars - it feels like an enormous jip by Fox to assume blu-ray buyers would fork out that much for SO LITTLE - for the film... fine... but for so few supplements - that's highway robbery. Shame on you Fox, shame! 'Predator' was mentioned, but 'Commando' was omitted as being another lame attempt by Fox, 'Master and Commander' continues the trend.
3 ||| Hmm, SINGLE-BILINGUAL (as a stand-alone track) isn't the most scintillating that the Pet Shop Boys have done. "Discoteca" is more interesting, putting the Spanish-lite vocals and Spanish-tinged rhythms to better use. Still, the track doesn't quite come all together. "The Calm Before the Storm" is more typical and put-together: gentle vocals, pretty arrangements. Interestingly, the Trouser Enthusiasts' take on "Discoteca" actually puts the disco back into the track, improving it. The Pet Shop Boys' own extension of "Discoteca" actually makes better sense than the shortened version, adding a nice string intro and giving a real disco feel to those drums and the (almost random) Spanish chanting. "Confidential" sounds like a throwback to their showtune days -- in other words, it's classic Pet Shop Boys. I only wonder how it would sound with Tuna Turner. Baby Doc's mixes of "Single-Bilingual" and "Discoteca" go for a harder, more progressive dancefloor sound. Nice.
1 ||| The product was not Spandex. They were 90% cotton and 10% Lycra They are OK but not nearly as nice as my older pair which are 90% nylonpolyamide and 10% Spandex
2 ||| Let me start off by saying that this saw has payed for itself many times over for me. I did two bathrooms (walls and floor), hallway, 2 backsplashes, and laundry room floor with this tile.The motor is definitely powerful enough for the job. I cut stone, ceramic, and porcelain with this saw without any problems.The construction is a bit flimsy. The table tilting mechanism is worthless. The worst thing about this saw is the 7/8" arbor. The only aftermarket blades with a 7/8" arbor hole are masonry blades that can't be used for tile. You're stuck buying blades from Plasplugs and they don't make a high-glaze blade for delicate glazed tile so you end up chipping the glaze around the cut line.If you're a pro, get a good professional saw - if you need to do a several rooms in your house, this saw is adequate.
4 ||| The first version of this book (which is this one) is so much better than the other versions! This is another great book!
3 ||| I first read this book when I was in Junior High School. During the intervening 40 years I have carried it from place to place in my library without giving it a second thought. On a whim I picked it up last week and decided to see what was there.Wow! I'm sorry I didn't get more out of it when I was young. Fortunately much of what Mr. Adler writes is what I have discovered about reading, but I never articulated it. And now that he has, I can approach reading in a much more methodical way.I was startled to discover that there is now a new edition with Charles Van Doren listed as the first author. I am hard-pressed to imagine what he might have done to improve upon the perfection of the original. It is very entertainingly written with a very personal flavor that I really appreciate.I found it either discouraging or encouraging to read his diatribe against the American education system, realizing that he wrote it in 1939.(My copy was printed in 1960.)
1 ||| I was miss lead about this purchase... I only receieved one book instead of the whole set... I was very disappointed..... I really like the one book I received.
0 ||| I didn't see this film until it was released on DVD. Thinking I would be in for a treat, I sat down for an evenings film fun. Unfortunately, this movie happens to be one of the worst I have seen this year. The reasons I hate this film:1. The story (what story) doesn't seem to be there. Looks like an add on, so that the film makers can show off some SFX.2. The SFX are not as good as they should be. Now you have a film with no story and limited SFX.3. The worst part of the whole film has to be that the stuff the men aboard survive is just so unbelievable, its like watching a comic book translation of what should have been a good film.
3 ||| This is easy to set up and surprisingly a large once it is. We bought it for our 2 year old and he loves it. Our 5 year old fits just fine too. I would suggest that you pick up extra 'Fun Balls' the ones that come with it are small diameter and don't really add up to much fun. I purchased 150 3" balls and that fills the floor of the main chamber nicely. Double that and it would be more like a ball pit that your kids can really sink into.
4 ||| Loved the music! Especially liked the Steppin Cowboy with that Southwestern flair! The CD is a great collection of varying themes in the Steppers beat. Great to dance to, great to listen to anytime you need a lift. You're the best, Aaron! Record companies, pay heed!
2 ||| The original Star Trek movie was a really big missed opportunity for the Star Trek franchise. The Original Series was defined by its wonderful characters, particularly Kirk, Spock, and McCoy. In this movie, the characters take a back seat. We still see Kirk, Spock, and McCoy but they seem muted and relatively uninteresting. They seem like accessories to the plot, not drivers of it. Even relatively emotional scenes like Kirk ordering the self-destruction of the ship had almost no tension or emotional impact. It's a shame, because the concept behind the story was really interesting.I will say that the Director's cut for the DVD and blu-ray does improve the film. Some of the special effects are tastefully improved. It looks good - in my opinion a visually more beautiful film than 2001.
4 ||| These mirrors are great because they are removable, adjustable & will fit on any sized bars.
2 ||| This book recognizes that our actions flow from our beliefs. It does an excellent job of using the truths of the Bible to align our beliefs with God's love for us. Our good actions flow from God's profound assurance of freedom and love.
1 ||| I didn't notice a difference in gas mileage but got a little more power. On my 2006 Mazda 3 it was a pain to put in, had to remove the whole front bumper just to get to the intake. So I hope you have some time.
4 ||| Comparing The Losers to a Hollywood movie does it a great disservice. The dialogue in most movies doesn't even come close to what Andy Diggle serves up in this poignantly paranoid and timely series. He's Tarantino with talent. Scorcese with restraint. And Jock's bristling visuals absolutely jump off the page, bringing each character and location and emotion distinctively to life. Hollywood analogies fall short here. The Losers is a must-own, not just for fanboys and action-junkies, but for anybody that appreciates great graphic storytelling.
4 ||| I recently read the book Feynman's Rainbow. I really enjoyed this book and I thought it was very interesting. I learned about quantum chromodynamics and the electromagnetic force. I alo learned about Murray Gell-mann's ideas about quarks. I also learned about Joyhn Schawartz's string theory and the thoughts that Richard Feynman had on them. Leonard Mlodinow had an interesting encouter with Richard Feynman while they were both faculty at Caltech. The author used very personal experiences to tell his story of his experience at Caltech. The book keeps the reader engaged and I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in physics or Richard Feynman.-Devon Harris
0 ||| Soon after I purchased and we bagan using the Macally Powerbook a/c adapter /charger for my wife's G3 iBook, the cooling fan started running at warp speed. The fan would turn off when the cover was closed. We have switch back to the old "mac" charger and the fan is still very loud! I e-mailed Macally and they suggested that we had a defective charger and to return it to the dealer.
2 ||| Kelly Rowland has made a great sophmore album but I find this premium edition a bit disappointing. In my opinion, a better song for the digital download would have been nice. the bonus download is just "Like This" DJ Speedy Remix with Eve and YoungBloodZ's Sean Paul. I was hoping for "Gotsta Go" Featuring Da Brat, which appears on International editions of the album. Anyways, unless you want the lyrics, extra photos, cell phone ringtone and wall-paper and the "like this" remix download, I find this premium edition a waste of money. But this is still a great album in general.
0 ||| I just don't believe that I read a two star book from Linda. After I read Mr. Perfect, After the Night and Dream Man, and I saw this book in the book store I almost had a fight with another costumer for the last one (just kidding), and when I started to read it I just couldn't believe what I was reading, if this book were written by other person I just would't finish it, but I said: give it a try and then I was in the middle of the book so I finished it.The main story of the book is hard enough to remember, this book goes out of story so many times, for example: it has a full chapter when Daisy went to make her hair and make up, so what with that, who cares! Another is when her new pet destroyed her new house so what! And many more.When I saw this book I thought that I would laugh a lot and have a nice time, so please Linda, make another book to take me this bad flavor of my mouth.
1 ||| I thought this would be a blockbuster but was kinda disappointed with this one. The story was weak and the ending left me with something to be desired. It played on the old story line of an over-the-hill cop who does things his own way.....how many time have we seen this in a movie! Really, I think this was just a payday for Deniro and Pacino. The movie didn't challegne these guys at all. They could have done these roles in their sleep.
0 ||| One of the legs broke in two, the bike flew off the rack on a highway at 70mph, damaged beyond repair. Don't get this plastic piece of crap. Look at the image, its hollow inside, there is no reinforcement of any kind.
4 ||| Oustanding action and a different look at wild beasts and their comparison to civilized man. Great action.
0 ||| It's too bad such an interesting, well acted story was waylaid by the constant barrage of anachronistic music, costume design and dialog. There were so many good things to recommend this movie, but every time they would break into a rock song or the lead love interest would show up with magenta streaked hair, the net effect was jarring. I'm glad we rented rather than bought this one!
0 ||| In the middle of the book, i took some time and read some of the other reviews here to see what i was getting myself into by reading this book. The beginning was RATHER slow, and i found myself skipping over some of the more techno-jargon that i didn't really think i needed to know to enjoy the book. That being the case, not reading those sections, didn't hinder my enjoyment reading another good book by mr. clancy. however, i would recommend to anyone who reads this to re-read "Executive Order" and *maybe* "Rainbow Six" and "Debt of Honor." Since it had been a while since i had read those books, i found myself scouring my brain to remember the correct circumstances the characters were referring to. With all of that said--the last 100-200 pages move like lightening and are very exciting. Enjoy!
4 ||| I've always wanted my own set of classic books. These couldn't be more beautifully bound. They really are beautiful. I absolutely urge you to buy this book if you're on the fence about it. It'll at least at some visual interest to your library if you don't plan on reading it!
2 ||| The build quality is incredible on this. It feels, well, as good as it's price. Yes, it's a pricy g wireless adapter, but it's integration into the Tivo console and speed are worth it. My room to room transfers are not much faster right now, but I understand that will improve when I get the other Tivo on one of these. I've been using wireless adapter/bridges on my Tivos and having to configure them seperatly sucks. I love how the Tivo can setup this wireless adapter as if it were integrated. I wish it was N, but my network is not N either so it's a moot point.I think the only thing better would be to hard wire your Tivo into the network.
3 ||| I think sometimes folks buy albums expecting them to change the world on first listen. While the lead track is weak, don't let that frighten you -- the rest of the album is terrifically bouncy, melodic, and unapologetic. And it ROCKS.When was the last time you really cranked a new CD in your car or at home? You'll be doing that with "Don't Believe The Truth" before you get to the forth song. "Ringin' A Bell" is my favorite track so far.
4 ||| After wasting money on three other cases, I finally stumbled onto the Contour Showcase. It's far superior to anything else I've seen out there. I use it on my 40gb 4G and I bought one for my daughter's 20gb 4G as well. You will not be disappointed with this product!
4 ||| i chose this player because of its size and various reviews of its sound quality. it had amazing sound for such a small package. the controls on the device are surprisingly easy to use considering the size of the buttons. one word of warning, the instructions for loading music onto the device are HORRIBLE! i finally found that it was much easier to load music onto it using my windows media player that i already had on my computer. it allows you to sync everything onto the device and will convert any necessary formats for use. i would highly recommend using that instead of the YEPP studio that comes with the device. other than that, it's a great product!
4 ||| I ordered these for Christmas for my 6' 2" grandson who had grown out of all his pants after checking stores and finding his size is almost impossible to find. They were perfect and he loved them.
2 ||| The thesis of this book I found quite interesting and accurate: that anthropologists consider their subjects as existing in a different time from themselves, in some mythical past. However, the style of the writing seemed as if it was literally translated from the German. I found it very difficult to understand, opaque, and wondered many times why I was bothering to slog through the thing.
2 ||| This was an okay book. The story didn't really go anywhere. I'll let you read above for what the story is about. It was a good let your mind rest on the beach sort of book. I personally got a little tired of the million ways a boss can order a worker around. Never really beleived in the plot.
3 ||| this is a good reciver but i got it at circuit city for 120. i live in california so im not sure if they have circuit city's anywhere else.
3 ||| This item came quickly, was nicely packed, and it works in the camera just fine. This is a great item. You should have a spare charged up and ready to go at all times. M
4 ||| Both games (Diablo, and Diablo II) have some nice combat, smooth spells, and mice enemies and there seems to be a lot of it. It has specialty/magic items for you to enhance your gameplay. Even the online gameplay is rather smooth... and free... virtually any product by blizzard is worth your money and this is no exception.
4 ||| This text is an excellent compilation of classic texts, written from the unique perspective of a college classroom. The writing style is very compelling and kept me riveted to the journey through the classics. I loved the interpretations by the author and the professors teaching the class. I also thought it was incredible the way the author brought the essence of the classics to the reader in an understandable format. I have not had any extensive experience with many of these texts and the author sparked my interest in many of them and i will definitely read them for myself. I highly recommend this text to absolutely everyone. It is very well written and a pleasure to read.
4 ||| I couldn't ask for anything better. Every year in October a new Dune book and every January a warm beach to lay down on and read these novels. while these books are nowhere near as complex and philososphical as the original series, they are solid books an their own. They transport you to another time and expose to you to new worlds. The authors do an excellent job in developing the characters we have grown to love (and hate).I recommend this book without reservations
4 ||| I am so thankful I found this book.Emotional literacy!!!How logical!!!How horrific that we still don't know this is the most important literacy we have to master first and for most and than we can go about other achievements.I recommend this book to everyone!Not just parents,not just fathers...Thank you Dan Kindlon and Michael Thompson.I am learning to understand myself and my boys!
4 ||| This book is good to read when you are alone and in a quiet place . If our world was like Jonas's it would be great , there'd be no violence , no war ,and no pain. After you start you can't stop . If the stars could go higher I would give it 100 stars.
4 ||| Dierks Bentley's "Long Trip Alone" is a wonderful listen.The songs take me back to roadtrips and good times.I love the effortless mix of modern country and old time bluegrass.Bentley's voice is rustic, but enjoyable.Worth every penny.
0 ||| You know you just threw this book together. I am a devoted fan of all the Alex Cross stories and I was disappointed because you can do better than this. The story happened at the end of the book and then it was over. You get one pass. Come correct next time. Peace
4 ||| This book is exactly what all sci fi and fantasy books should be: imaginative, full of adventure, plenty of action, and so much more. It is by far the most accessible book written more than 50 years ago that I've ever read, making it suitable for all ages. And, as other reviewers have stated, it is not just for boys. It contains strong female characters,considering the time that it was written. If you like adventure novels, you will love this book. I didn't have a problem with the formatting.
4 ||| Yeaaaaaa, I'm gonna need you to use the TPS report from now on....I really wasn't interested in watching this movie when my husband brought it home, but it is now one of my favorites! It's a cult gathering, and the minute you say those two little words "ummmm, yeaaaa" if you've seen this movie, you know EXACTLY what the person is talking about! I love Jennifer Aniston in Friends, but this is one of her better parts. It's small, but it just fits her. GREAT movie and recommend it to ANYONE who loves comedy.
4 ||| it is so cool i would let my parents do anything to me to get me that book. i would recommend it to everyone in the world. i love the book -i don't care if people think im crazy over it. it is so cool & i have seen both of the moives.
2 ||| This is not a war film, though often mistaken for one, leading to the false opinion of attempting and failing. Rather this is an adaptation of Joseph Conrad's "Heart of Darkness" set in the convienent realm of Veitnam that is more accessible to the general public than some deep, dark, primal Africa.In this effort the film succeeds remakably bringing to the fore all of the conflicts both of "Marlow" as he travels into the "heart of darkness" and struggles to resist the desires to be an effective God, or to follow his original intention, to kill Kurtz, and the depths to which Kurtz has lost himself to his dark desires. "The horror."
0 ||| I think the movie editors forgot to go over the film after shooting. The movie contains numerous technical errors and cliche dialogue that you find in most action movies. However, the movie is so bad, it's funny! Treat Williams hardly shows any emotion playing his U.S. agent character. Some of the explosion scenes in the movie, especially one at the end, are pretty cool. Oh, and don't bother reading the storyline summary on the back of the video box because most of it is incorrect!
1 ||| This is not a good film but the actors are fairly hot. I would recommend it only if you're needing some man-candy.
1 ||| Although I am a fan of Mr Cornwall and have read almost all his books and own the entire Sharpe Series,I did not enjoy this book. Cornwall is one of my favorite authors but I was disapointed. Instead of the normal two three or more battles in a Sharpe book, there was one. The battle although good was not spectacular, I have read better in books by CS Forester, Dewey Lambdin, and Alexander Kent. Too much of the book was devoted to Sharpe's romance with a high born lady. The book in general was just not up to Cornwall's usual excellant standards. In conclusion I say boo.
3 ||| This was an ok novel. It has many plots and twists and is a little hard to follow. The cliff notes make the book much easier to follow.
4 ||| This is a very good CD. If I could just stop playing Finsbury Park I could really enjoy the other songs even more.Very talented lady!
0 ||| This series has steadily declined since Book 3 (by far the best in the series). Sometimes I think RJ is treading water, and adds needless subplots just to occupy some characters while something else is happening. I think he's found that he's killing off too many of the forsaken, and has been replacing them with new bad guys who, unfortunately, have no personality. This book didn't end as climactically as the rest. This may be the weakest book of the series, except for perhaps the one where some characters joined the circus (and we spent 300 pages hearing about it).
3 ||| This book was indeed an intrigue. It was rather easy to read and actually a good supplemental reading for a sociology class. Though slightly biased as he was, Kotlowitz uses the individual example of Eric McGinnis's death to illustrate the unrest and snowball effect that race has on society. The social problems that are results of "killings" (presumed race killings) are of a high magnitude. Although I live in the state where these events occurred (and therefore have my own biases) I believe this to be an accurate portrayal of social unrest due to race relations.
0 ||| I used to love Tom Clancy as an author. I waited months to get my copy of the Bear and the Dragon. I even went to a bookstore across the street from my job, stood in a long line and got Mr. Clancy to sign my copy. After reading about 190 pages or so, I threw the book, with autograph, in the trash. This was one of the worst books that I have ever opened. The profanity, vulgarity and explicit sex scences were too much for me. I could also mention the typos and the strange languge, i.e., "honey-bunny." This was not a good book! I am sure that some could argue that I should have completed the book before I formed his opinion. Believe me, I tried. However, when Mr. Clancy had Mary Pat use a vulgar four letter term for the male sex organ, I knew I was through. This was the third time the term had been used. Needless to say, this is my last Clancy.
4 ||| This mini coloring book in the style of stained glass (Black boardered with translucent images) is great for children of all ages. The dragon designs are well-rindered and attractive. These are a favorite with the autistic children I work with.
1 ||| This book is very brief, and a nice reference to have, but I would not recommend for an introduction to statistical mechanics. McQuarrie's text is much more thorough, and great for a upper level undergraduate or graduate course. For a very basic overview of the canonical ensemble Molecular Thermodynamics, by McQuarrie and Simon is a nice resource. Overall, Introduction to Modern Statistical Mechanics is stat mech in its briefest form, and useful for a physical chemist's reference shelf.
1 ||| I enjoy a good romance novel as much as the next person and I don't think one need feel apologetic about reading them. I've read several of Spencer's books and have enjoyed them. However, I found this one intolerable. How can I feel the sense of escape, comfort and romance that I hope for when reading this kind of book when the major plot turns upon an extramarital affair? Like some other reviewers, I thought the portrayals of Nancy and Katy were disturbing; Nancy is depicted as such a bitter cold shrew (because she likes her job and has the self-awareness to know she wouldn't be a good parent) that she "deserves" to lose her husband. Katy is a selfish, rigid and unloving brat because she believes in obscure moral tenets such as "don't sleep with married men."The novel does feature lovely descriptions of Door Country and some engaging humorous moments. Overall, though, I can't recommend this book at all.
3 ||| This might be a good CD to buy if you are not sure you even like the genre of music, but otherwise go with the complete 2-disk set. They left out some very good songs in 'Highlights'. The extra 10 or 20 dollars spent WILL be worth it,
2 ||| The good: The basic plot line is interesting- a man who has just been killed by the electric chair has his finger print turn up at a murder scene. The writing itself is good. The main character Kay Scarpetta and an old professor of hers are well `fleshed out'.The bad: Other characters are not well `fleshed out'. The plot never fully explains itself. Is the book about figuring out how a dead criminal could commit crimes - or is it about Scarpetta - redeeming herself in the eyes of everyone around her - after developing an anti-social workaholic tendency after the death of a loved one? The latter seems to be the path the author choose - leaving some of the twist in the plot unresolved. Though others in the story have made Scarpetta out to be the villain (on many different levels - as a family member, as a friend and as a professional) in the end her `goodness' is redeemed. How the bad guys in the story turn out seems to be unimportant - which I found to be a major flaw.
3 ||| a classic to see that haunts you even after it has long been played.Yes I di d enjoy thi s movie.
3 ||| Little women is a ok book. It's a nice family book but could use more drama. It's good for little girls but be sure to know it doesn't relate to are modern world.
0 ||| Good God, Kiss has more "best of" albums than studio ones! What Kiss fan on earth would have any need to buy this CD? They released a massive box set just a few years ago, for crying out loud. I'm a Kiss fan, it'd be great to own every Kiss album for the sake of having the complete catalouge, but I mean come on already. They're not just beating the dead horse now, they're holding it by the hind legs and thrashing the carcass back and forth into a pulp. If you want to milk the last of the diehards a little more at least throw them something they don't already have, if there's even a scrap remaining, that is.
3 ||| I really wished I had seen Amandla, but unfortunatly the RegionCode was not good. It would be interesting if you could do something about this problem. The nephew of my friend saw it via his computer (because he has a dvd-writer) and was very enthousiastic about the dvd. So let's say then 8/10
3 ||| Willie Traynor, a 23 years old, just out of college, sort of a long haired ivy league radical, comes South to find himself. He ends up greatly maturing as he becomes a newspaper reporter and then owner of the Ford County Times,a small circulation local paper which he builds up and ultimately sells for $1.5 million. Along the way there's plenty of excitement. The son of a wealthy family brutally rapes and murders an attractive young widow. When he's sentenced to prison he threatens to kill the jurors who put him away. When he's ultimately paroled the killings start. It's thought that he's the perpetrator. But it turns out that he wasn't. It was a deranged assistant prosecutor. Who shoots Danny Padgitt at a bail hearing after he was arrested as a suspect in the murders of three of the jurors who had voted against the deathy penalty. Plenty of interesting turns and twists in this story.
1 ||| I had ordered Levis jeans before, and the sizes fits always perfect, in this case this jeans were suppose to be a 34 waist 30 long... but it looks like a 32 or 34 long.
3 ||| These stand up better than other types of elastic shoelaces. Once set, the lock does not slip and the shoes fit the same way always.
4 ||| That Reverend Curtis is sum'n else! These preachers are greedy dogs (so says Isaiah). They can never get enuf satisfaction. They want Sister Sally and Sister Sally's momma and her grandmomma too. They just can't get enuf of that funky stuff. This book told the naked truth about these so-called Reverends. It was a well-written, entertaining novel and deserves 4.5 stars. I recommend it especially to those of you that knows that y'alls pastor ain't no-good! Maybe it'll wake you and shake you to leave that vulture of a preacher. But if you know that your pastor ain't no good and you choose to stay under his teachings, then all I can say is that birds of a feather, flock together.
3 ||| This novel has an interesting view of human nature and its primal tendancies. The quality of writing and imagery is masked a little by over-usage of detail statements. The characters are complex and interesting, but the story could be told equally as effectively in 125 pages as it was in 202. In short: good book, worth buying.
1 ||| It's got a few good tunes on it, but being someone that was immediately taken by AL by getting 1-7, 7 almost sounds too commercial. It's like 7 was produced by someone else it seems. Lionel Richie's Easy on AL 7 and Marvin Gayes Sexual Healing on AL 6 are great songs, but I just don't think the typical AL buyer is buying the cds for those types of songs. To catch the real downtempo AL vibe, start with the first one, Ambient Lounge 1, and work your way up. I hope AL 8 will go back to its roots..
0 ||| The graphics in this game are very good but the single player gameplay can be very frustrating. Each time you are killed (which happens alot due to basically one shot and your dead) you respawn each time way back and have to traverse across the map all the way back over and over. It gets to the point where you die, then just hold down your run key, close your eyes and take a little nap until you get back to the waypoint again... very frustrating and that gets a little dull. And there's no way to save your game at all! No quick saves at all.Also, the AI is completely mindless in this game. They just stand in one place most of the time until you pick them off. And, there doesn't seem to be a lot of people playing this game online either. Just about all the public servers have zero people in the maps, especially the deathmatch maps. Battlefield 2 is a lot more fun. I think I might be giving up on novalogic and switching over to EA with Battlefield 2.
2 ||| Well-written book: tries hard to restate conclusions and show how changes in policies and variables affect aggregate functions, etc. Sometimes confusing: doesn't always state whether a trend holds in the short run or long run.Since I'm more used to micro, I found the vagueness of all the curves a bit maddening, as well as the lack of definitions and real-world indications of variable values. More importantly, there is basically no math here: I don't see how this book could possibly suffice for a grad student in econ (which I am not).Interesting book on tough subject.
0 ||| This DVD is most definitely NOT for seniors, people with arthritis and sciatica or beginners. I tried to keep up with the instructor on this DVD, and a month later I am still having severe back pain. I've been to 2 Urgent care clinics and now I have to follow up with my primary care doctor. I'm sure I'll have to have an MRI and may be referred to a back specialist. I have never been in so much pain in my life!
1 ||| i never liked age of empires.i think ensemble never put much effort into it.well the video is terrible and it looks kind of glum everywhere even in daylight.the missions or campaighns were not highly interesting.well the only thing is that at times it males u think,and that cheered up the glum atmosphere.overall this is just a shadow of what age of mythology is.
2 ||| Thorium Remix 2011. This DVD spells out the many reasons that Thorium should be consideredas a replacement for Uranium in nuclear reacters in power plants
3 ||| With only fifteen minutes to spare anyone can exercise. Donna does a great job of giving you a really good workout. Her high energy is catchy. Only thing I did not like about this video were the annoying comments from the two women exercising with Donna.
0 ||| I should have known going into this movie having Judd Apatow a part of it would mean I would hate it. However, having Adam Sandler in it and seeing the previews in the theater we gave it a (very hopeful) chance. The movie loses it's true premise of having depth in amongst the terrible & crude "jokes". I have to say we didn't make it more than 30 minutes into the movie before turning it off. It is a constant barrage of pathetic behavior. I just don't believe that there are this many people out here that are like this and can relate to this behavior. Very Disappointing.
4 ||| Lafore does a great job of holding your hand while learning C++. This is definitely a book for beginners who are interested in learning C++. Also does not assume you have any prior experience with C (a drawback I found for a lot of books when first getting into C++.) The really great thing about Lafore's style is that he explains the topic, gives a parabolic example, shows you the code, and then goes back and dissects the code line by line explaining what each statement does. Again, this is great for learning C++, even if it is your first language. Don't come here though if you're looking for windows programming. Great Job!
1 ||| Careful! The item itself is made well. When opening the box I like it immediately but once out of box I noticed the weight. Bit heavy & of course with the CD's it's heavier. Some people might not think so but with a neurological disorder, MS, weakness increases.I read their return policy & couldn't believe it. ALL sales final UNLESS you get a "code" from the company giving permission to return an item. This is NOT anywhere on the description, if it was I would not have ordered it.I e-mailed the company twice & still have not received a reply, not even saying that they would not give a credit. Not very professional!
4 ||| It is rather rare for a work to so capture me that I read it cover-to-cover in one sitting - this is one such work. One is left with the sickening feeling that we are living in the time that leads up to the "Brave New World". The destruction of the middle-class and the result being that far too many citizens of low intelligence and lacking in intellectual curiosity now find themselves unemployed or in positions of employment that allow far too much time for "thought". The Tea party, FOX News, et al - the inmates are taking over the asylum and one fears how they will be stopped.
3 ||| I have admired Paula Cole ever since I discovered her. She has real talent: not only in her lyrics and ear for production, but in her magnificent voice. For some reason, Ms Cole. has tamed this vocal fire WAY down. I can live with that. I don't have any problem with her embracing a more 'black' style of music; it's a shock, but one I know I'll get used to. We're fine, so far. The problem is, her lyrics are nowhere near as powerful or strong as on such songs as "Chiarascuro" or "Our Revenge" or "Tiger." Half the time she is as good as before, but on too many places she gets self-important. (This is her one flaw, which brought the only weak moment to her otherwise stellar last album, This Fire) This is a good record, of course, but from Paula Cole we should have expected better than this. Really.
0 ||| I've read nearly every novel by Wilber Smith. This is the only one that has ever disappointed me. The characters were boring and the story was very predictable. There are many other authors that write this type of novel much better. Smith should stick to modern themes.
4 ||| If you don't believe in her politics, listen to the music - we can't all be John Lennon. But we could aspire to be Public Enemy - different genre, same ethos. With her minimalist approach, she jettisons a rapid-fire selection of rage, humour, politics [sometimes muddled and confusing], sex...but always arresting and thought provoking. Online pugilists argue the terrorist/Tamil revolutionary ties via her father, and while it's an important salient subject to spelunk, weaving the politico with the dance floor is an exhilarating art I can't overlook based on that writ - Madonna could learn a thing or two about juxtaposing them creatively [see American Life]. My grade: A
0 ||| I bought this to help me open jars as I have tendonitis and have difficulty. While I was unsuccessfully trying to open a pickle jar, it slipped out of my hands, fell on the floor and broke.Give me the old fashioned kind any day.
1 ||| If you're a fan of The Used, Berth is probably a worthwhile addition to your collection. I watched the concert footage expecting more onstage antics from Bert McCracken and was somewhat disappointed, but I watched it without having seen The Used perform live. About two weeks after I bought the DVD I did go see the band live in Detroit and he was a lot more animated onstage than the DVD let on. Clearly, the video was toned down to fit all audiences.In fact, the DVD I bought was did not have Parental Warning and all of the expletives were bleeped out. During the live performance I saw, about every other word was ****, lol.Still, the live music CD is definitely worth the investment as it adds another dimension to the studio recordings.The other content on the DVD was so-so.
0 ||| I purchased this unit last year, it sat in my storage room until this year ,then I decide to make sausages. What a bunch of junk, the piston would not seal and allow most of the meat to push passed the piston and back into the chamber. I could only put a small amount of meat in the unit because it would jam up. This piece of junk is going to the scrap heap. it was total frustration and agony to trying to stuff the casings. Also the unit surface is rough and very hard to clean, a serious health hazard if you do not properly clean the chamber and piston.
4 ||| Great solution for a special space. I know how difficult is to hang things from a modern ceiling. This item, will solve that problem. Installation is very fast and price was great. Seller was very fast delivering the item. Good job.
1 ||| I founded International Relocation Services SA de CV in Mexico City over 25 years ago. The author chose our name to list as a reference for "relocating" to Mexico without checking with us. This normally would be FREE advertising, but since we only do corporate relocation in the major business centers of Mexico, it has been a minor irritation. I am amazed at the 20-30 letters i receive each year for the past many years; each is a request that i send everything they need to know about retiring in Mexico. i have a form letter that i send to each of these inquirers because i feel it would be rude not to; however, the real problem is that our company is in a book for "retiring to Mexico". I just wish she had checked with us or researched what the focus of our business is. On the positive side, i found lots of useful information in the book. If there is a reprint, i hope we are not in it or that we are designated as a corporate relocation source.
0 ||| I'm impressed that so many people have shown so much interest in a poorly written book about a conman who basically got lucky and most people today have never heard of, unless they come to Amazon.com or Ebay and read the inflated stories or go to their local used bookstore and find this wierd and wacky looking book on sale for .50 cents or less.Why so many people taking the time to review a book that never even got much attention when it was new? Check the internet. Resellers are trying to peddle this garbage and obviously trying to promote it by mixing 5 star reviews and then 1 star reviews. Then check Ebay and look at the "wierd and wacky" vinyl records recorded by this ex-conman and look what they are selling for today. Even the sellers say they can't understand a word he says.People will do anything for money eh Rudy? By the way, what is Glenn Turner up to these days anyway? I am sure you will know.
3 ||| If you want to discover a beautiful and wild French region through the eyes of a Scottish writer, read Travels with a donkey. Stevenson, before he became famous, depicted his journey in the cevennes, with his donkey "Modestine". Rediscover the excellent style of a young writer about to become world-wide-known.
3 ||| "The Old Man and the Sea" is a narrative with a complex perspective. Although our class has differing opinions on the enjoyability of this novel, we can all admit that it is a great classic for a reason.It lacks spark and action -- or does it? While it might not be as exciting as "The Hunger Games," it does explore morality in a subtle way.
1 ||| Product is as shown but they didnt have it in stock and it took them almost a month to ship. And then instead of sending next day to compensate they sent it regular mail so it took another week to receive. Not too happy with their customer service.
0 ||| This movie made me naseous. Honestly, not a big Transformer or Bay fan, but this is pretty poor. For the triple digit millions of dollars they threw at this they could have had a more realistic intro- JFK and Nixon computer generated persons throw the shark before the movie even gets the story going. There is no suspension of disbelief built up in this, building off of our hope of talking cars instead of making us believe. Bay's hyperkinetic style makes me feel naseous, even though I like the Bourne movies. There is just no rhyme or reason to anything in these movies. I guess thats ok for some people, but for the rest of us we'll be left wondering why people can spend $600mill on ticket sales for this instead of something with a real heart.
2 ||| Never satisfied with traditional mills, I bought these because they had a unique design. I liked that they stick to the fridge but have found that means I occasionally have to wipe off pepper flakes. The small, rectangular holes make funneling refills difficult and messy. About a month into light use, the pepper mill gummed up and cleaning was a real chore. After about a year of moderate use, the pepper mill just wasn't grinding properly anymore. Cute but not very durable.
0 ||| Oakenfold sold out more and more year after year. This album is even worst than I could have Imagined. He has totally moved away from trance and into the pop world. This album has absolutely nothing to do with modern electronic dance music and should not be confused as such. I think this proves that Oakenfold is all about the dollar and not about the music.
4 ||| Prep hooked me from the first chapter - something about Sittenfield's novel is so real and engaging that it is hard to read without seeing some of yourself in the writing. Even as a college student, I felt like I could have written some the passages about my own life and experiences; Sittenfield has a gift for putting thoughts into words. The book is funny, sad, uncomfortable, awkward, but above all, real. It is filled with honesty and truth about how we grow up and come to terms with who we are versus who we want to be. I have recommended this book to several of my friends, and i have not received one negative comment back.
0 ||| I'm extremely salty that I purchased the episode but could not stream it due to a poor internet connection. Instead, I downloaded Amazon Unbox Video and then downloaded my purchased item. WELL, guess what...It took hours to download and THEN I go to play it AND IT WAS ONLY AUDIO, NO VISUAL! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Amazon, whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?I am extremely displeased.
4 ||| I enjoyed this book. It did take a few chapters for me to really get into the book, but eventually I could not put the book down. This book is a definite must read. It's about time someone told this story. Much success and blessings to Kim Roby. I'm waiting for the next one. Peace!
3 ||| This is the first book I read that can offer ordinary people with extraordinary power to overcome unimaginable difficulties. If one is equipped with such power, he becomes invincible. Such power is not money, ranks, social status, and etc. Instead, it is "man's deepest desire to search for meaning and purpose". That desire will not only shape how one will lead his life, but also make all troubles around him less upsetting compared to the meaning of life. Most of all, he is happy no matter what happens.
0 ||| Graphcs are great. PERIOD. Sound set up is almost impossible to coordinate with selected motions. None of my 25 add-on courses purchased over the life of previous versions work on this engine. I've taken it off my machine and reinstalled Links 2000. Now I'm useing the good one.
2 ||| So far, I haven't found a full-tower case that is known to accept a Freezone with no hassles. My old case only has room for the 6cm fan I installed so there's no way it will work in there. I believe my ASUS P5 DH Deluxe motherboard should have no big install issues. My Core 2 Duo is in serious need of cooling and I don't want to bother just finding a better air solution than my Arctic Cooling Freezer 7 Pro.What cases have you folks put a Freezone into so far, where it fit well and the case closed properly?Thanks...
1 ||| Sorry, but this was a big disappointment... I had to split the viewing over too evenings to even get through it. The special effects are cool but the acting is over-done, the film is too long (said by someone who usually hesitates to buy a film that's under two hours) and several overly long and sentimental scenes and the music just kills whatever suspense they manage to build up. I couldn't wait for the anticipated fall of the ape so I could go to bed and read a good book instead.
3 ||| A solid story from John Grisham with an easy, enjoyable pace. Although its billed as an action adventure--who's killing the jury?--this is more of a character study set in a small, southern town circa 1970.Young Willy Trainer becomes the owner of a newspaper that coverages everything from the obits to the garden club meetings to an infamous murder trial. Along the way, we meet the local eccentrics, all whom Grisham creates to perfection. The main event is the murder trial of a young widow killed by a member of the local drug-dealing, bad-guy family. After conviction, there is a threat against the jurors who participated in the trial. Ten years later, some of those jurors start dying.I am a Grisham fan. I like his gentle, predictable characters. The good guy always win, most often walking away into a tropical paradise with a boatload of money. In my mind, that is always a suitable ending.
3 ||| ...since it has been discontinued doesn't support more of the newer games. If you are playing games a couple of years or more older than this is an unbeatable deal, if you can find it. This is a very durable pad for the price. There are others that cost more that are not as durable.
3 ||| It's a good movie but "The Dark Night" is much better. Not saying that this wasn't good but I guess that I got spoiled watching this after "The Dark Night"
1 ||| Scarpetta was a truly fascinating character in the first book, but in "Black Notice", I believe she has become a self-absorbed excuse for a medical examiner-detective. And poor Marino! We knew he had problems and he was a sloppy dresser, etc., but Ms. Cornwell has completely stripped him of any likable traits. Lucy is a niece from Hell. And the storyline - unbelievable! If you don't know what to do with a character, kill her off! Please, Patricia, fire Scarpetta and end it!
2 ||| I used this book for an undergraduate course in Analysis and was pleased with it. It is well-organized with poignant examples. The physical construction of the book, however, proved not to be as good as the content and it is quite worn.
1 ||| I realize this has worked for others, but it hasn't made a difference in my Yorkie. She still gets upset on car rides. I spray her traveling bag every time a few minutes prior to leaving. I've been doing this nearly every time since receiving the spray and no change.
0 ||| Had a lot of great reviews, so I went ahead and bought it. As soon as i connected it i saw smoke like a previous person did as well. Drive is now dead. I'm not totally sure if i want to go through the hassle of getting a new one or not. I am glad i have quite a bit on backup, but unfortuneatly not everything.If you are going to use it, make sure everything of any importance to you is backed up on cd/flash drive.
4 ||| This was the BEST Redwall book I have ever read. It has the most fighting and action in it too. Belive me I have most almost all the series. But I really don't like the part Martin lies about his past. Still I guarrentee you this book is FUN!
1 ||| Disappointed that these dripped to the extent they did. No apparent reason, not exposed to heat. Otherwise, very beautiful candles, but for that price, they should be dripless as advertised in the specs.
3 ||| Talk about bang for your buck. I'm stilling playing this thing months later.The awesome crash physics make this better than other gta wannabees. The story is very interesting although there are not that many missions. But still enough for you to enjoy again and again.I wish this game had more vehicles - there are about 10 in each of the 3 cities. And they are not real licensed vehicles. Also, the police are not that intelligent as they are in GTA.. always the same crashing psychos. And you never get arrested and sent to jail. The game simply ends at that point.You get to pilot boats too but, unfortunately, no airplanes or helicopters.
3 ||| I bought this caliper for use in racing radio controlled cars. It is consistent and accurate for my needs. I'm not sure if it would be accurate enough for a machinist, per se, but for most it is an excellent measuring tool.
3 ||| Handy little light but nothing great. It is cheap enough so go ahead and buy one if you wnat one to provide a little light you can wear on your head and keep your hands free.
1 ||| I couldn't get into this book. I kept trying but decided to just close it out.I would not recommend this book.
0 ||| I got this garden for Christmas. My first round of mixed herbs went pretty well. However, you need to follow the directions for harvesting. Some of my plants did not look so good after awhile. Also, something was eating my basil. Everyday I would find little bite marks on it. I did get some nice herbs and enjoyed cooking with them at the beginning. My garden never really looked like the picture. I think I harvested a little early and took to much off at first. I decided to try again.My next herb kit is in there right now. Not doing so well. Little nats or white flys are everywhere. They must have come with the plants. There are a ton of them everywhere. I tried to spray them with an herbal spray but it killed the nats and and injured the plants. I rinced them all off but they are stuggling. I'm going to have to start over again!
4 ||| I read a lot of reviews before making this purchase. I'm not an audiophile or a technical expert on this item but I have good hearing, I know what I like and I'm totally satisfied with these noise cancelling headphones. They're easy to use, fold up neatly for travel and the noise cancellation is amazing.The active electronics are in a separate unit which also holds the batteries. This tends to mean the wires can get a little tangled but this is not a serious drawback. This is an excellent product. If I were to lose this headset, I'd buy the same model as a replacement.
3 ||| When I moved up to university I was listening to the singles charts on the radio, and "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" charted at number 16 (in the UK) and I thought "wow!"! It really captured the mood I was in during that period.Few months later, I heard "Natural Blues", followed by "Porcelain".Whilst shopping, I thought I should take a chance and buy this album and it was a chance well taken.There is an interesting mixture of songs, (When I heard "Honey" for the first time I laughed, as I didn't know what to expect!), with the atmospheric, relaxing songs near the end of the 18 track album.
0 ||| This game stinx. Driving is enjoyable, trying to aim my gun and move at the same time just plain stinx.
1 ||| I made a mistake in not verifying the media before I bought this product. I received a VHS tape, when I thought I had ordered a DVD.
2 ||| Years ago, the Hollywood Reporter print subscription had everything any pro or aspiring pro in the movie business needed to know. The current print version is more for movie fans than the industry trade it used to be. You must subscribe to the digital online version to get the industry information instead of the print version now.
1 ||| I started the book thinking it would be a great escape from reality. Well, it was and it wasn't. It seemed as though the author was trying to write both Bridget Jones's Diary and Sex and the City...but she didn't quite pull off either. Don't get me wrong, it was a somewhat enjoyable fantasy book, however, I am not going to suggest it to any of my friends.
3 ||| Who is M.I.A. and what has she done to the art of music?! The London-raised Sri Lankan MC has mixed up all possible forms of music to give us something that we can't define. You can't put a label on her sound; you can only identify her inspiration. With a combination of Jamaican dance hall, hip-hop, electronica, Brazilian funk, and Asian bhangra, her style is different from anything we're used to; it's addictive and fun. Her lyrics are filled with passion about life and society. She gets political and sexual all in the same song! Who does that? Maya Arulpragasam does... just listen to Bucky Done Gun off her debut album Arular to get a feel of her artistic flair.
1 ||| This is my favourite movie of all time and I was really looking forward to the release of this box set. I was truly dissappointed that the two versions of the movie were split in half over two discs. This really spoils the enjoyment of watching the movies and I have never come across this on any other DVD. Also, the lack of the "Hearts of Darkness" documentary or ANY decent documentary about the film (s) in the package is a huge wasted opportunity. The deleted scenes should definitely have been cleaned up for the fans too. Most of the other extra features were largely uninteresting and criminally short or dated. I asume "The Ultimate Dossier" will be out at some future point but I'm baffled why this wasn't so much better.
0 ||| How to ruin a perfectly marvelous movie? Make a poor quality DVD. The picture is so washed out most details are lost and the sound so low I had to turn up the volume to 99 just to hear it whisper. THIS DVD IS VERY BAD! Please just record this gem the next time it comes on TCM and save your money. It is a shame such a wonderful film has been treated in such a poor manner.
0 ||| This record was a total disappointment and turnoff for me, especially coming after great, great records like Bright Size Life, Watercolors, and the first PMG record. Some of the compositions have their moments, but mostly this is pretty boring muzak; there's hardly any improvisation, inspiration, or edginess as there was on the aforementioned albums, just a reliance on cheesy new-agey compositions. This unfortunately foreshadowed stuff that I consider to be some of the worst music Metheny ever made, like Still Life (Talking)--totally dull and sappy music. Another factor that doesn't help this album is the muffled and unimpressive production. It just has no physical presence, crispness, or clarity. After hearing the first PMG album I was totally ready for the next record to knock me out. Instead, it was a total anti-climax.
4 ||| I bought these headphones for one reason and that is air travel. When it is time to snooze and I want some peace and quiet the noise-canceling cuts out all the noise. I would recommend these headphones to anyone.
3 ||| Another wonderful Rubinoos release, which features a new album of typically sharp power-pop studio tracks and a second live CD taken from a 1992 show. The live show sounds like an audience recording and so it's not as pristine as some may wish, but it's still a great treat and you'll feel like you were there.
3 ||| As it has been said, "if you rememember the 60's, you weren't really there," but this recording may very well be your entry point! If you do remember and you're tired of the same old, same old Jimi Hendrix, John Coltrane, and Ravi Shankar sounds, give this one a try. "In the Breeze" shows off Jerry's bop chops. Certainly not a "desert island disc" but not bad for a "throw-back" event. Break out the herb!
0 ||| The first - and only time I used it, it worked great. When I tried to use it again, no matter what I did - no dice. I could not get it to come on. I did follow all directions. I even tried changing the battery - first thing I did. I would NOT recommend this timer to anyone. I then came back to Amazon.com and purchased the old fashioned timer that you just turn the handle to set time. The one with the long ring. To my happy surprise they came in colors so I bought one for myself and one for my best friend and now we are both very happy
0 ||| the AA batteries go out with one roll on average.. this is such a disadvantage...i also have an Olympus Stylus 70 mm and it takes much better pictures...it is clearear by a longshot... don't invest in this camera ... pay up a little for picutres you'll treasure for a lifetime..
2 ||| Hemingway apes "Moby Dick," recasting Ahab as a "black sheep" shaman who constantly yearns for his overly emotional boy slave and has self-destructive tendencies he takes out on his loved ones and those who seek to possess said loved ones. Everything is emptiness, like brainpans fried away, ornaments without luster.At least Idaho Spud keeps his aimless ramblings brief, unlike the constipated "A Moveable Feast," in which Papa Longstocking trained a spotlight on the mundanity of social hour at the writers guild.
4 ||| Best can opener I have ever used. Plus my wife doesn't complain about opening cans anymore. Very good product.
4 ||| This is a great rod if you need if for a little space. It is stylish while being sturdy. The accents on the end bring out more charater than other plain rods. Had a strong resistance so it stays up on the walls. Holds a material curtain as well as a liner and hasen't budged. Love this rod and would buy again.
3 ||| I used this for a book club and it was an excellent choice. I wasn't sure it was going to be a success but the members enjoyed it. There are so many controversial topics and differences in lifestyle from that era to today that it really facilitates great discussions. The questions in the back of the book that are provided for use in book clubs were great.
4 ||| I must say, for the very reasonable price of this knife, she's a beaut. GREAT handle...solid and comfortable to chop on and on. Nice rocking action. Nothing to dance in the streets about, but certainly a nice knife for a VERY nice price!
1 ||| The book came recommended to me by another traveler, and because of an upcoming trip to Venice, I thought I'd get some help in better understanding the city on what would be my third visit. Instead, I found way too many profiles of Venetians who were either recognized celebrities or eccentrics. Frankly, half this many reports on people the author discovered would have been sufficient. After a while, it seemed Berendt was just trying to show off at being able to move among the locals. I would have preferred to read more about nonentities who make the unique city function.
0 ||| At one time I had ALL of "Hammond's" lp's on Prestige, New Jazz and Riverside. They were the best collection of jazz organists anywhere bar none. I picked up this album and it really sucked. It is the only "Hammond" album I ever tossed in the garbage can.
3 ||| For so long did Catherine Wheel carry the torch oh so well for underground guitar music (OK, OK ... alternative rock). Not just with every new CD but with every new song came something different, something unexpected and most importantly; Catherine Wheel always had a sound of their own. Now it appears that CW are trying as hard as they possibly can to appeal to the mainstream masses by releasing an album containing one uninspiring guitar song after the next.To think that this was the band that use to bring us classics so perfect and so beautiful as "Heal", "Delicious", "The Nude", "Texture", etc., etc...... Only the anthemic "Gasoline" comes anywhere close. Don't get me wrong, Catherine Wheel are one of the most overlooked bands of the 90's but if you really want to hear the true Catherine Wheel, toss this and check out Ferment, Chrome or Happy Days.
3 ||| I read this book long ago when I was in art school and something triggered the desire in me to read it again. I am loving it as much now as I did then. It gives some insight into the world that made Van Gogh who he was. The book is written with great understanding of the artist's work and conecting how that came from the world he knew.
1 ||| I never understood why a DVD version of 3-D movies would be released without the 3-D. I mean, lets face it, this was always intended to be much more of a gimmick movie then it was about the continuing adventures of the Brody clan.I would pick this up in a minute if it was released as (maybe) a "midnight movie" with a pair of glasses and maybe a bag of popcorn or something. For a studio to roll this out there naked and expect people to buy it is just crazy. The movie stinks; it's simply not good enough to stand up on its on merit. Part of the reason people went to the theaters to see this was to catch it in 3-D; to take that away just doesn't make any sense. It was never meant to be without it.
4 ||| My granddaughter loves all things to do with the Twilight series. She said this movie is awesome and would highly recommend it.
4 ||| This little thing is powerful! The pulsating modes are fantastic, and powerful, and it has a gentler mode if that's what you're in the mood for as well. It really gets the job done well!
3 ||| Owning a Rowenta that faied within the first year I went the nearest Target and asked for the black Rowenta 6900 man's iron, only to find that it and model D2030 were not in stock as they described.Not ready to leave I saw a Black and Decker digital advantage model. I could have bought either of the other displayed Rowenta's but I choose the B/D model w/o a box. It was a 75% off close out.Returning home I logged on to Con. Rep. site to find that this model wasa best buy. Plenty of steam at a good price. It also shuts off the steam with setting less than 4 .......1-acryllic 7.- linen.All this for $14.95 drive out!Berne AbriolaWest Columbia, Tx
2 ||| A compilation of pieces from Esquire and Fortune over the past twenty years or so is what we have here. Kind of a mixed bag, at times very funny, others not so. I found myself wanting some of the articles to go on longer.
3 ||| I loved this book. I disagreed with the author on about a good third of the material, especially his views on Soccer, but we're all entitled to our opinions. I did appreciate reading an opposing point of view that was rarely offensive, except again, in his diatribe against soccer.There really isn't much more I can add to these reviews that others haven't put in already. This was one of the smartest and funniest books I have ever read. Its not for the type of person who accepts the world at face value; instead its for the type of person who questions everything, and can live with an opposing viewpoint without tossing the book down in anger.
0 ||| I was very disappointed when I received one of these new SuperBalls: the original had a recovery of 90-92% (it would bounce back 9/10ths of the way!). It used an extremely strong compression process during manufacturing and it felt very heavy and dense for its size. In addition, the surface was peculiar, in that it would not slip at all, even when sliding it over a very slick surface, but would adhere to it in a very uncanny way. The new "SuperBall" is a very poor imitation: its bounce recovery is more like 60% and it is inferior even to a cheap transparent high bounce ball that I got as a freebie... It feels light and bears no relationship to the original...Sorry, but this ball does not qualify as "the real thing".
0 ||| It worked at first but the connection kept dropping. Then every time you try to open the wizard it flashes on the screen for a second and disappears. You can't get the wizard to stay on screen for more than a second so can't change any settings. A total waste of time and money - don't bother with it.
1 ||| Almost useless for AU and MS grade coins. Very, very small and poor quality b/w pictures of coins. Dissapointing as it could have been great if high resolution pictures were used and enlarged. Also, not including pictures of MS60-67 grades truely limits this book.
1 ||| This book is good enough for someone to read if they aren't busy, and are almost bored out of their minds, and if they don't stop reading this book, they will end up finishing it without a problem. The only problem that I have with this book are with the rest of the series, which seems to be milking his worlds for all that they are worth, and in retrospect, I realize that I have read books that are a lot better.If you like politics, this book would seem a lot better to you. I can understand the politics, but it doesn't seem to really interest me all that much. I also like fantasy books more than science fiction, and I would rather have the main character that seems all-powerful to have some more impressing abilites than to simply see into the future, and then to find out that he isn't the only one that can do that in the universe made it almost like he wasn't THAT special, and was simply the right person in the right place at the right time.
0 ||| I give this 3 stars because it does seem to operate well.However....the fabric blades are NOT white and not canvas. They look like old yellowed windbreaker material. Also, It puts out a horrible amount of light. I hired someone to install this fan during the day time and did not go upstairs to look at it until it was dark outside. If I had seen it earlier and the installer had not taken my old fan and the box the Hunter came in....I would have shipped this puppy back ASAP. Now I'm stuck. And bummed.
2 ||| This is one of the three underwater sea critter flicks from 1989 with " Leviathan" and " The Abyss", it's about these underwater explorers who are in a research sea station under the water, exploring underwater caves then unleashing prehistoric gastropod monsters.Actually a fair little Sci-fi movie with cool looking Crab monsters and Miguel Ferrer from " Robocop" in a little role.
0 ||| I could have hibernated through this movie. You would think any movie with Billy Bob Thornton would at least be fun to watch just because he is in it playing the liquored up loser Coach Morris Buttermaker. I was disappointed. It was a listless movie with everyone just going though the moves. Or it sure felt that way to me. And I couldn't root for any of those kids. None of them had a little spark of charisma.Avoid this remake and see the original with Walter Matthau. This version struck out with me.
4 ||| This steamer was exactly what I was looking for. It is the perfect size to steam two servings of vegetables perfectly. This is perfect for one or two people. I would say if you need to steam larger portions you will not be happy with this. I have also steamed fish in this as well. I use this at least three times a week. The pan is not tiny, neither is it big and bulky so it does not take up a lot of room in the cabinets. It does feel sturdy and feels like it has a good weight to it. I always hand wash this set as soon as I use it and it is very easy to clean. I love this set!
4 ||| I've been waiting 2 years for this movie to be on video. it's arnold schwartzenegger's debut movie. i haven't seen the movie yet but im sure it's going to be funny. hurry up and buy it. enjoy (Note. Arnold Scwatxenegger's voice is dubbed in the movie. that what makes it funny)
2 ||| I watch these movies (Transformers) for entertainment mainly. The acting is somewhat subpar. I did like that the parents made an appearance, they were very funny. I didn't really miss Megan Fox, but the new girl didn't add to much to the movie either. The action was very good as were the scenes, but I felt they could have shaved at least 30 minutes off the movie and still came out with the same results. I did think the beginning of the movie was more interesting than the end.
2 ||| This version of tango is not argentine. It is ballroom latin american whatever you call it. Very misleading to call it argentine tango. But if you like ballroom dancing, maybe this video is for you.
0 ||| This machine is nice at the beginning because it is quiet and no fumes to deal with.However, the body is not well constructed. The back part of the mower is made of plasticand after two season of mowing with this machine it broke. If you pay this much for a mower I expected to last longer.I am very disappointed in this product.
2 ||| The pillow case seam tore wide open after initial washing (before I even used the set!). I stitched back up and the rest of the set seems fine. Could just be an anomoly, but beware. But then again, they were only $20.
3 ||| I'm not saying that this is a bad book. It's just that Balanis walks you through steps of his proofs as if you're a mathematical klutz. He'll write out EVERY step in almost every proof, most of the steps in this book being trivial substitutions. He'll also repeat EVERYTHING for every single case (TE, TM etc...) This serves no purpose (except to give me back pain from carrying this heavy book) since:1. If you want to really understand the proof, you're going to have to do it yourself and figure something out yourself.2. If you just want to use the book as a reference, then all you need is the solution.Overall though, it is probably a very practical book for electrical engineers.
4 ||| Robyn Carr never disappoints me. Enjoyed the characters and the fact that life can always get a little messy. Good read!
4 ||| Heard the first one, and own the latest. These guys have great music. The vox are very good mix of G. Tates and B. Dickinson voice, the guitarist sounds alot like Malmsteen with the only difference that Malmsteen does not know how to compose, and the rest of the band fill in the sound just right. If you like Dream Theater, Malmsteen, Rainbow,..and other Prog Groups like Symphony X (BEST PROG METAL BAND), Conception, e.tc. you will definetley love this guys.... The singer's previous band PSYCHO DRAMA was excellent!!!!!!!!!!
0 ||| Maybe it's because I'm from New England, where we actually see snow during the Winter months, that I really hated this DVD. Sure, there were plenty of Christmas lights to see, and some fairly decent music to listen to (Willie Nelson should have been left off this disc) but there is NO snow!! No SNOW!!! I saw maybe 2 seconds of snow falling beside I street light, and that was it. No kidding! All the yards and ocean scenes and everything had NO SNOW...just grass and brown leaves! It did NOT feel like Christmas at all!The only Christmas DVD I've really enjoyed, that truly captures the feel of Christmas, is "The Sights and Sounds of Christmas."
0 ||| I am surrounded by mostly idiots where I work, so having to read about idiots and their actions, was very frustrating and not entertaining at all.
3 ||| Very cool book with cool photos and information about the classic gaming systems. It's not a "in depth" reading, but it's very fun.
1 ||| After reading "Generation X' and "Shampoo Planet" I was somewhat dissappointed by this effort. The angst of the central character as a tortured father separated from a child is understandable but maudlin at times. There is something of Coupland's earlier style in the book. The childhood reminiscence of the central character recalls the author's work in "Generation X" and was much appreciated. The book on the whole is not the pleasure to read that his two previous works were.
3 ||| After seeing the video with Busta, I thought "yeah, this is gonna do it." Meth is finally gonna bring it like we always knew he could. But for, real, the single is about the only song I'm really feeling on the CD. There a bunch of hot tracks though but, for me, the single is the only one where it all comes together nicely.
1 ||| My wife and I read five chapters and just couldn't bring ourselves to read the rest. We just didn't want to waste our time. Others have detailed the book's faults; for us, it was all too clear that the book was written by a young and immature writer.
0 ||| This was the worst book I've ever read. Not only is it a near copy of her stand-up comedy, but she fills the book with excerpts of how difficult it is to write a book and ends by randomly naming things in the room she's in. It was a sad disappoinment from one of my favorite comediennes and was not worth the two dollars I spent on it at a flea market.
2 ||| I bought this book in addition to the official curriculum that MSPress publishes. I took the test today (4/18/02) and there might have been two questions on the test that this book covered. The official Microsoft book was more complete but in Microsoft's usual manner it is difficult to always discern what is needed and what is overkill. You are better off learning COM and ATL 3.0 because my test was very heavy on both topics.
0 ||| I'm not even going to get into the problems I had with the characters racist traits (which they never had against the Japanese in previous books) or with Clancy's politics (liberal, conservative, whatever - it was annoying, and it would've been annoying even if I agreed with him).One of the things that made Clancy stand out was his attention to detail - now he's just mailing it in. He misspells the name of China's third most important city several times (like misspelling Chicago), he has people in Beijing using Cantonese slang (Cantonese is spoken only in Southern China), and he has people in Beijing calling each 'comrade' - especially odd when you consider that in current China 'comrade' is how homosexuals refer to each other now in the PRC. What happened to your research TC?And I'm not even going to mention the awful way the plot dragged on - I'll go back and read 'Clear and Present Danger' - thanks.
1 ||| If this was your first Travis McGee book, don't worry. Most of them are much, much better. This book suffers from an overload of the author's rambling commentary on society. After the introduction to jealous husband, you have to slug through 100 pages before you begin to get into typical Travis McGee action. The action is often illogical, and too often Travis - err - Gavin stumbles into old friends at the most unlikely places, bailing him out of trouble. Sorry, this one just didn't click for me. In many ways, it reminded me of the Pale Gray for Guilt story, but there was much less action in this book.
2 ||| I just listened to Shangri La Dee Da and, to be honest, is not what I expected, I liked it though, but there's nothing to do with the STP I was used to.Lots of people say STP and other american bands are having a bad time,(maybe because Pop is everywhere) while british bands are taking the lead.Shangri La Dee Da is not usual coming from STP (personally that's what I think), but people should consider Scott is living a happy new life and that makes the difference.Good Work, I will always be proud to be a STP fan!
1 ||| It was a super deal... But there is something wrong with it. It will not retain the air level that I want.I will be returning this item
3 ||| I read this book when I was very young and I was surprised to find it held up as well for me as it did when I reread it. Although the religious undertones are pronounced, the story still draws you in -- you want to know what happens to these girls and their world is very vividly created.Like many free Kindle books, there are multiple typos. However, it didn't really detract from the reading experience for me.
3 ||| I thought this movie was a good classic. the story plot was pretty good and the acting was ok. the movie didnt have any blood and it has some nudity in it. the movie needed abit more action in it, mostly it just showed myers stand in one place and disapear. if you like slasher movies, then rent or buy this.
1 ||| Every time I read a sklansky book and tried to encorporate it into my game I lost my money. I stay away from his stuff period.
4 ||| I just recently watched this movie and I enjoyed it very much and that is why I am writing my 2nd online review ever! I only write online reviews for things I feel strongly about. If you enjoy movies like Pitch black combined with Star Wars ... then you will really enjoy this one. To me its a must have!!!!
0 ||| ALEX & EMMA (Warner) Kate Hudson's back (see; How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days) this time with Luke Wilson in what is billed as a romantic comedy. Sadly, it is neither. Life's short enough. Don't waste it on bad movies. Send your ticket stub to Rob Reiner and ask for your money back. On second thought, maybe it should be a class action thing.
0 ||| This movie [stinks]. The story is nothing like the original, the acting is horrific, the swordfighting utterly ridiculous.The scene that sums it all up is when the guards won't chase after a carriage going about 1 mph and everyone escapes.I have no idea how on earth anyone could make a movie so terrible. Extremely torturous to watch. Do not buy it, do not rent it. In fact, just read the book, which is awesome.
2 ||| 1. Elejigbo2. Te Informo3. Pedir a Tu Corazon4. Quiero5. No Vivire6. Para Adelgazar7. Una Aventura8. Para Bailar9. Hacer el Amor10. Botella11. Quiero [Instrumental]12. Suavemente Me Matas13. Vida en Rosa [Instrumental]
1 ||| Gino Vannelli's music has always possessed strong jazz influence, melded with pop, rock and blues. Y0NDER TREE is essentially a straight ahead jazz effort, with the excepti0n 0f the album's final track.Despite the sheer brilliance of the musicianship and Gino's powerful vocals, this is one of my least favorite Vannelli albums. I must also note that I'm not a jazz devotee, so that certainly affects my critique.However, love that final track--MOON OVER MADNESS. It's theatrical allusion to a vampire is creative genius, reminding me why I like Mr. Vannelli anyway!
0 ||| The dancing was fabulous but that is all I can recommend. I found the story very hard to follow. The music left me cold. The sets and costumes were clever.I watched this when it was on PBS. I am very glad i did not spend the money on a DVD. I made myself watch to the end but i have no desire to see it again.
0 ||| I could never get this product to give me the same weight twice. Do to unreliability I returned the product. Also, this scale does not interface with USPS to provide a label. You must enter the weight that it says and then go to the website etc etc. Just as time consuming as going to the post office itself. At least there I am getting an accurate weight.
2 ||| John Steinbeck is incredible at giving vivid pictures through using words.I felt like a watched a movie from reading this book.the story never really goes anywhere and its a short read.i guess when u read a steinbeck novel you need to focus on the symbolisms and analogies rather than the actual stories.
3 ||| I'm about half way through the book, and so far I think it is a total rip-off from Lord of the Rings. He took so much from it, I mean, think about it. Eragon, Aragorn. Tall, strong, dark eyebrowed, bow and arrow-clad, horse-riding male elves, and the same but beautiful, dark haired female elves. He based a language on Old Norse, as did Tolkien. The whole Lord of the Rings essence is in the book, but it's lacking his incredible originality. It is really well written, though, given that he was only 15, but still, I can't figure out how it got through the editor (if he had one). But still, it WAS a good book. I'm still more apt to criticizism though, and I'm haveing a bit of a hard time finding good things to say about the book, but I think that it's worth reading, just don't expect any great work of art.
3 ||| As the other reviewer noted this valve switches inlet lines with a ninety degree turn. The only way I would have known that was from the other review I read. The only one I could find on the market that did not require a 180 throw. Since that is exactly what I wanted I am well pleased. It appears to be well made. Of course you have to make sure you have the proper lines hooked to the proper ports so if replacing one which turns 180 degrees you have to be careful.
1 ||| Considering the build-up, months of video clips and fascinating subject matter, I expected more of a spiritual treasure. This film is basically a travelogue which skims the surface of Orthodox practice. There is more emphasis on Orthodox monasticism and monasteries, with an occasional blip about the practice of the Jesus Prayer. I have seen more satisfying interviews with Orthodox monastics about the Jesus Prayer on YouTube than I find in this film. Save yourself the purchase price and download it from iTunes for $4.99. Interesting. Should have given more substance, less fluff.
3 ||| Very good read - for the acolyte who's background is not in physics but interested in the topic, this books was great for me. Some of the supporting proof seemed a little weak, but heck, I'm not sure I'm qualified to dispute it.I'll read it again - that's the best recommendation that I can give.
4 ||| Hangs easily, easy to read, seems accurate. What more could you ask for in a wall thermometer. I'm very pleased
1 ||| The book covers J2EE 1.3 security with hello-world level security examples beyond I find nothing but an introductory Java Security API guide. The chapters also lack details on when and where you should use these APIs. I bought this book before 'Core Security Patterns' by Christopher Steel that is much more helpful and example driven than this book.
3 ||| this book is a nice book case baisc on what i read this story is about a girl her village boundaries to arrest the spread of the disease. but a death reaches into every houeshold,faith frays.When villagesers turn from prayers to murderous witch-hunting,anna must confornt the deth of family,the disintegration of her community,and the lure of illict love.as she struggle to survie.
3 ||| This is just an overly prized book with lots of beautiful pictures for kids only. It provides some useful information that scratches the surface only.Buy it if you're rich & you wanna show your 5 year old boy what is a discus. If you're looking for useful information on good husbandary, wrong choice.
0 ||| I got this for an 88-year-old friend, but wish I'd been able to watch a preview first. The demonstrator keeps a weird, fake-looking grin the whole time she's doing the exercises, and the audio seems to be dubbed in. We hated the music.There are definitely more appealing seated exercise videos available. Be sure to find a site where you can watch a preview before ordering.
4 ||| You'll want to sit back and listen to this album from start to finish without doing anything else - definitely try listening with headphones. This is trippy psychedelic pop with influences from Kraftwerk to Iggy Pop and everything in between. Unbelievably excellent production, songwriting, and vocals. The title may scare some people off, but the theme of the album as you may guess is organized religion and how it has screwed our society up - excellent lyrics that are never preachy. Why is Julian Cope not much more famous and why has this album been deleted without ever receiving the publicity it deserves? Probably because the major labels want us to consume "Safe" music. This is one of Julian Cope's 4 masterpieces (my favourite one overall)- the others being Peggy Suicide, Autogeddon, and 20 Mothers.
0 ||| Many people have always told me that I sould see the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Everyone always said it was a horrifying film. A few days ago, I saw on the TV guide that the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre was going to be on at midnight on channel IFC, so it wasn't cut out. I was excited that I was going to see it,thinking I was going to be scared out of my wits. I stayed up from midnight till two in the morning to watch this and I was so agrivated. I absolutely hated it! It didn't scare me at all. Many people enjoy this movie, but in my opinion, you should never buy it! If you really want to see it, you should rent it first and if you like it, then buy it.
0 ||| When you get these shoes/sandals, they won't look anything like they did online. They are very cheap looking and not made very well. Now I know why they are trying to get rid of their stock at such a discounted price. I took them directly to my local Champs Sports store and exchanged them for a nice pair of Nikes. Don't waste your time on these cheap shoes.
4 ||| I just finished reading this wonderful book about the Northern European myths that Tolkien borrowed and reshaped to make the lands, people, and languages of Middle-earth come alive. For the price and content, this is a great value. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in Tolkien's fiction!"
3 ||| First off I gave this book a four because, in my opinion, it was not as good as Lord of the Rings which I proudly would rate a five. Writers mature, getting better in their writing style on their second/third book. Tolkien did a fabulous job on the Hobbit. Humor, confilct, but no romance. Good for children, good for just anyone. I thought Bilbo to be hilarous, the dwarfs just as funny. A true classic was the Hobbit that it will remain on my "read again" books forever, until I die of course. If you haven't read it yet I highly recommed for anyone who is looking for a good book to try this one out. I know others have said it, and I won't be the last but Tolkien was a master writer of our time!!
2 ||| Not a bad book, but unfortunately most of the other characters are more interesting and play a more important role than the two main characters (A.C. Doyle and Jack "Sherlock Holmes" Sparks). If you liked the hints at real and fictional characters from "The list of 7", this book comes a little short in this respect, too.
4 ||| It's a little like HAIR comes to Woodstock. I was surprised I liked it. Definitely Beatle influenced. But it WAS a good album!
4 ||| Although familiar with the Old Testament, this particular story is not one with a lot of detail, or often retold. So...the culture was familiar only in a vague way. I really liked the way the author took the few facts from the Bible and constructed a compelling story. I enjoyed it very much!
0 ||| This, this, thing! takes all the fun out of beyblading! I find building beyblades to be one of the best parts of all! you cant even customize it! Ive even seen a bey blade simular to this that actually makes music! BAD music!:-(:-(:-(
0 ||| "Compact Disc," "Record," "Cassette". Seven songs, all one-word titles. Nifty gimmicks and "Rise" aside, this is a bitter pill. The drums all sound like they want to hurt the listener, and Johnny is an annoying pratt. I love it.
1 ||| Sorry if I contribute to lowering the score for this classic, but although the main idea is good, the writing is simplistic (reads like a book for teenagers) and the story and characters lack depth and are quite boring.I guess I'm disappointed that Orwell didn't do a better job with such a brilliant idea... The only part that was really interesting to me is when his main character, Winston, is reading from the "prohibited" book. In this section, Orwell essentially details the philosophy of the party leaders, and that's a very stimulating read. But apart from this segment, the story is mostly pointless.
2 ||| I bought this for my three year old. I was hoping for something entertaining to help her learn her letters because flash cards were not holding her attention. Well she was bored about two minutes in. It would probably be better for a younger child but it didn't hold her attention and after trying several days in a row of watching the video with her she just got mad that she wasn't watching Mickey Mouse or Dora.
4 ||| This book is powerful. "As a man Thinketh", contains knowledge that if grasped and then applied will begin the transformation of the readers life. The concepts and maxims it presents are an anchor against the storms of circumstance.
1 ||| This was the only Outlook 2007 version listed for sale on Amazon, so I ordered it. Found that it does not have Customer Relationship Management (which MS refers to in Outlook as Business Contact Management). I have since found that BCM probably would have been a useful tool in managing my 1500+ contacts. So if that is important to you, order "Outlook 2007 with BCM" from a vendor that offers that version. Amazon should state somewhere in the product description that this version does NOT have BCM.
2 ||| Just watched this with my kid and a freind of his....this one was ok..not the greatest in the least!! The story was really good, as far as the moral is concerned, but I have to agree with some of the viewers that have reviewed this before me....1. Acting is sub-par, even for those that have not had very much experience acting...George Lopez definately did not win me over with this one!!2. 3-D aspect was great...for about 10 minutes...the effects were not that great!! I too, looked over the glasses after a while, and my son took his off all together after a while. His freind kept his on for the most part.3. Although the moral was good...the story itself got kinda old.4. Where in the hell are Kristen Davis and Dave Arquette's agents when they need them...UGGH!!Overall, this was a typical kids movie, and I too would not recommend this one to anyone over 10, 12 tops!!3 stars!!
2 ||| George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty Four" is a brilliant warning about totalitarianism. It is certainly about communism. You can tell from their physical descriptions that Big Brother is Stalin and Goldstein is Trotsky. At a time when many people admired the Soviet Union, George Orwell saw the Soviet system for what it was- a brutal dictatorship based on fear. However, it is not just about communism. It is a warning against all totalitarian systems of thought that seek to impose forcibly a particular ideology on people and to mould people at will. Winston Smith's struggle to hold on to objective truth in a world of lies and human decency in a world of cruelty symbolises the real life struggle to do just that of so many people in this century that has brought us the horrors of the Gulags and Auschwitz.
2 ||| I thought that A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court By Mark Twain touched a lot of important aspects that our culture and society faces today while also satirized the times of Camelot. It also contrasted and showed the differences between the medieval times and the nineteenth century.But unfortunately I found this book hard to follow and had trouble getting into it. I felt that Twain often drug on certain topics or ideas. I think that I would have found this book to be a lot more interesting if Twain would have been more forward and to the point. I guess this book just wasn't for me, but others might find it interesting.But I do have a lot of respect for Twain for writing this. I'm sure that this book caused a lot of controversy since he wrote about a lot of sensitive topics, especially earlier in his time.
0 ||| Other than a lack of vocal range, limited guitar skills and monotonous songs that stick to whining about how lonely she is there isn't any way to fault Wheeler. "I wish I could Faaaaallll in love..." Uh, Cheryl, maybe if you stopped whining. Pedestrain. She's a much better comedianne than performer or writer.
0 ||| Yes, like many people I have a compulsion: I must finish books I start. I also love families in historical romances. This was a huge family of hunky men, so I thought I had to give it a chance. Big mistake. The writing is not as good as many other writers and there are tons of love scenes and little other substance to the book. I was just not entertained, but I still read 4 more of her books hoping that she just wrote a few bad ones at the start. Well, guess what they all stink. The characters are dull, the plot boring and the writing makes it all the more painfull. Save yourself some time and don't read this book.
1 ||| I found this book to be too much micro-focused.the book could have been improved with a better use of maps, they should have:been on a larger scale, showing the different gauges to highlight lack of interchange ability,the smaller maps should have been better linked to what stage - period of the war the smaller (local) segments fit into.shown the predominent traffic flow (freight & troops) at different times.Althought a RR & transportation specialist, I had trouble following a continuous thread through this book; 'disjointed'.too many details, too little overall view(s)
3 ||| I'd say it's "bullet resistent" not bullet proof. Even when dry it will smear a bit if it gets wet. Still way better than most.
1 ||| Like Brown's "DaVinci Code", Fasman's "Geographer's Library" begins with the mysterious death of an eccentric academic. The protagonist,a young reporter from the local newspaper, is unwittingly strung along on a chain of interconnected clues that ultimately reveal the goings-on of a secret society. This narrative is interrupted in alternate chapters with separate narratives of individual items stolen from the academic's house. Whereas in "DaVinci Code" the separate threads of the story played into each other and kept the Reader turning the page, Fasman does a poor job with these separate story lines and they merely interfere with the main plot. As many other reviewers have stated, the ending was unsatisfying. For me, it was too Deus ex machina, and reminded me of a "Scooby Doo" episode ("I would have got away with it if it wasn't for you meddlesome kids!"). Intriguing title, but I can't really recommend this book.
0 ||| Some other reviewers who realized this film is as bad as it is pointed out its many, many flaws, so I won't reiterate them. Suffice it to say, it's not the real King Kong story (girl *loves* ape? Right. . .) And the cartoon physics were so over the top as to make the movie into a true cartoon (except it wasn't funny -- at least not intentially so -- well, perhaps the whole film was a bad joke). Sad. Lord of the Rings was truly exceptional. This film is a parody at best. To recap: little characterization (at least that made sense), no depth, unbelievable motives (again, girl *loves* ape? Sheesh!), and no attempt to make the action scenes believable. What a disappointment!
4 ||| Marcello Mastroianni is a most willing foil to Loren in this tripple vignette (total of 118 minutes) production. From 1963, the style is just as classic as the scripts and acting. Loren is so beautiful - - - ah, that has all been said before; she was/is an icon of the sixties (and more, of course) and a treasure to film.
2 ||| Wasn't too pleased with season one , seemed lyke a reamake of X-files then season 2 had elements of Torchwood.Am watching season 3 now liked the episode with cartooon charactors, give it a tumbs up.
1 ||| I read this book last summer and used it with the man I was dating, and he almost dumped me!There are some good points in here, about not compromising your value, and being confident in yourself.But then the parts about not showing emotion and showing your true self is just bad advice. Showing your emotions sometimes shows authenticity.To be combative, manipulative and treat a relationship like a game of chess is selfish and unloving. I believe these tactics work great on men with low self esteem, but not on confident, successful, quality men.Read at your own risk!
4 ||| In response to the book The Giver, I have to say this. My virtual high school class is discussing how this book relates to folklore and the lack of it in this society. This book well reflects what will happen to society without the influence of folklore. I enjoyed it because the main character comes to a better realization about the world that he lives in and gets to decide things on his own. I think that the world of today one day could end up like the world in The Giver if we are not careful about what we do. This book may be on the elementary level but it is still an excellent book to read.
3 ||| I cannot describe Space 1999 other than one of my guilty pleasures. I enjoyed the series when it was originally broadcast and I enjoyed the DVD of the series.The special effects are very cheap with visible strings on the space ships and spotlights used for a variety of alien rays and beams. Half of the stories have pretty inane plots. And, a lot of the supporting actors are marginal at best.However, the main characters are good, and many of the stories are very intersting. Also, there's a few surprises with some of the supporting actors such as Peter Cushing, Joan Collins, Ian McShane, and others.So, if you want good science fiction, buy Babylon 5. But, if you want some good escapism, get Space 1999 and it may become your guilty pleasure too.
2 ||| Great acting, Great scenery, excellent directing. However, be ready to get depressed and maintain that depression for eleven episodes. Considering I had not read the novel, I was not quite ready for such overwhelming darkness of material. Not a character is anywhere within a hundred miles of either happiness or contentment. Though well done, it leaves one with a sense of just watching Sylvia Plath demonstrate kitchen stoves in a department store window. This series is but an encouragement and marketing tool for anti depressant pill pushers.
4 ||| This is one of the best Stones albums in a while, The last couple albums havent been the greatest but this is a comeback,I'm not going to go into detail but if you like Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, The Experience, or any of the other great bands from the 60's and 70's this is for you.EVERY SINGLE BAD REVIEW IS FROM THE SAME GUY UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME... read them you'll see what I mean.
0 ||| I wish that I had not ordered this plant. It was about 4 inches long when it came, and it never grew at all. Some sort of rot seemed to set in, and in a matter of weeks, it was dead.
4 ||| Great product for the price. I especially like the 10X optical zoom. This was one of the main reason why I decided to get this camera. I'm glad that I got rid of the FinePix F40FD. Great product Panasonic!!!
4 ||| This boot is comfortable and gives me the ankle support I've needed for any type of hiking. I look forward to many years of use from these boots.
4 ||| I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box. It's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small. However, it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes. It's very easy to press the potatoes through the holes.The only downside is that it takes a little time because you can't fit a whole potato in the ricer, you need to cut the potato into workable chunks, and it's a little bit messy. But the consistent smoothness is well worth it. I liked this much, much better than a standard masher.A couple of tips: make sure you use soft enough potatoes (I used russets) and place the potato so that the peel faces the top, not the holes. You also must remove the peel each time you press (that's where the messy part comes in.)Recommended!
4 ||| Tiny Tim and Brave Combo -- a match made in Pop heaven! Tiny could still use his falsetto when he wanted to, but much of this recording features his rich baritone. As was his forte, this collection features great historical songs like "That Old Feeling," "Sly Cigarette," "New York, New York," "All That I Want Is You" and "Stardust" -- plus renditions of Pop Hits like "Girl" and "Hey Jude" (Lennon-McCartney) and "Stairway to Heaven" (Page-Plant). The classic "Over the Rainbow" is a high point. God Bless Tiny Tim!
4 ||| one of the best shows ever. dvd showed up fine with no problems. make the right choice. buy the dvd.
1 ||| Not a very good book to learn Java. I found that the book doesn't organized very well, and you will still get confused if you are a beginner even after you read the book throughly.
0 ||| I won't go into the details of the plot itself. The professional and readers' reviews on this page do that. I want to comment on the flow of the plot and the characters which inhabit it. This book moves very slowly. There is very little tension. What does it matter if someone stole this or destroyed that? There can be no real resolution of these matters because the reader knows that virtually everyone in the town of Pompeii will soon die when the volcano erupts. The characters might have been able to carry the reader along if they had been interesting, exciting people. But, they are cliches. The completely evil villain; the sad, ever moral good guy. And they talk and talk and talk. Until the last third of the book, there is virtually no action in this supposed thriller. If you want a fast paced novel with vivid characters, you might want to look elsewhere.
0 ||| Is this music screaming or singing? I am very unimpressed by her debut album. She has a fantastic voice and doesn't need to scream her lyrics. I would suggest she try to do less "hip hop" type music and more ballads. They better suit her voice. Overall, this is not a good debut. Sorry Kelly, you lost a fan.
4 ||| A Trip to the Beach is a terrific book. Throughout the chapters the reader becomes very familiar with the cast of characters who help Bob and Mel Blanchard move to and open up a restaurant on the laid-back island of Anguilla. The book carries you through what life is like on "island time" and the challenge of trying to be organized on an unorganized Caribbean island. You get to know the Blanchard's and their staff at the restaurant on a personal level. The trials and tribulations of everything from clearing customs with a bed to trying to find fresh poultry above grade D in Anguilla will keep you smiling throughout the book. Highly recommended as good summer reading.
2 ||| This was a quick read portraying the struggles of a young boy coming of age in Kenya with the onset of the Mau Mau uprising and the opression that led to it. The novel's simplicity may make it seem like an elementary book, but this is what makes it genuine and a good beginning for anyone who is just starting to learn about the atrocities that happened throughout white man's rule of Africa and what is still going on today. It's not hard to see why Ngugi was so wrongfully punished for his bringing these events to the forefront as he definitely was making some point-blank political statements (and very brave).
4 ||| its great but make sure u have time to go over it 3 times. go over the questions u did not get and ask ur self why
0 ||| This fellow pretends to be a naturalist, butseems to be a kind of busybodywho rats the bad news out about his friends and family?I had a hard time reading the whole thing:I almost chucked on the first storyabout the ice box on a Greek motor fishing boat,and the family vacation.I suppose that is you are making the most of old biographical stories these must have interested somebody for them getting published.The author just gives me a pain in my fillet.
3 ||| Scarecrow a number of things to like in it. The colorful lighting and cinematography pay a reverential nod to Dario Argento, and scream queen Tiffany Shepis is always nice to see, but the film would have been better if the scenes with the Scarecrow had been played straighter and not been so jokey with the kills. That said, Scarecrow is a competent little B-flick with a few fine performances, most notably from the aforementioned Shepis and Richard Elfman, in a dual role as Sheriff Patterson and the redneck named Hewitt.
3 ||| GREAT DVD, BUT COULD HAVE USED BETTER EDITING. SOUND COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER FOR SUCH A GOOD CONCERT. GOOD LIST OF SONGS.
3 ||| The book was easy reading and interesting but that woman was CRAZY with some of the things she did. That country was wild and untamed at that time and taking a baby out camping and on road trips in the dead of winter where she ran into strangers where she or the baby could have been killed, raped or abducted was insane. When she let that horse go in the mountains was fool hardy, her thinking was way off. If a horse comes home alone, that can only mean disaster to the person who finds it back home! Where would a person even start to look for her and the baby? Of course I am sure she didn't leave any notes. I too noticed the flowers for the wedding were way out of season. I think she had a very vivid imagination.
4 ||| Apart from THE CONCORDE - AIRPORT '79, this is my favourite film of the series.
0 ||| Mr. Douglas has done a great disservice to his profession by his work on the JonBenet Ramsey case. His self-serving and patronizing chapter on the case is incredible. I knew very little about the case before reading this book, and Mr. Douglas certainly offered no credible insight into the matter. There are so many holes in his theories that I am compelled to completely disregard his opinion as entirely motivated by ego. Others have defended his integrity by pointing out that at some point in the case he refused payment for his services, but it sure was useful to have the Ramsey's cooperation for the purpose of writing this book, for example.
2 ||| I bought this for my ten year old daughter so she could play canasta with her grandmother. Her little hands did not allow her to hold all the cards. With the card holder she enjoys the game a lot more. I think they are grooming her as a substitute in the Canasta league!
0 ||| So bad. How can people write a book about movie this boring. This book will be more useful as kitchen towel than reading. Stronger than any sleep aid And It says he is faculty in PSU, I'm not sure about that I check and he comes out as waged stuff? I do not know what exactly it means but isn't janitor wage stuff too? So boring book.
1 ||| i enjoyed this season of dexter. gave many twists and brought new light to dexter's life. However i do believe that out of the 3 seasons that are out on dvd this is my least favorite. all in all this was a good season but deff. not as good as its predacessors.
4 ||| I like the TV show, but sometimes I think its REAL purpose is to showcase the best of today's new music. Depeche Mode, Enigma, Mono, Curve, Hednoize, Morcheeba...all of these bands bring an ambient atmosphere to the show and as a soundtrack it is just one of the best. 'Nuff said!
4 ||| In this world of lame metal/rap fronted by bands such as Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock it has been hard to find new original music. However, Quarashi's "Jinx" brings a whole new and unique sound to music. Their first single "Stick'em Up" is full of heavy guitar laced over some hard hip hop beats. Each song on this album shows the talent and range of Quarashi. Whether it's their harmonies, rhymes, beats, rock ability, or powerful lyrics there is definitely something for everyone on this album.
4 ||| The best home made ice cream ever. Easy to operate. Great recipes come with machine. Well worth the cost.
3 ||| It allowed me to see the entire season in order. It also allowed me to refresh my memory on previous episodes as well as gain a new perspective on subsequent episodes.
1 ||| I have been using Lonely Planet books for years and am surprised that it would turn out a guide as skimpy and shoddily written as this. The maps are useful, but the text's author, Wendy Yanagihara, seems to be unfamiliar with (or unable to get a sense of) Tokyo's character and its people. Yanagihara seems more bemused than informed, and one can only wonder why she was hired to write about a complex metropolis that she does not seem to understand. I agree with the reader above about the Lonely Planet Japan and Lonely Planet Tokyo guides -- both are good. I'd add another to the list: Time Out Tokyo, which surpasses anything Lonely Planet has yet produced as a guide to Tokyo.
1 ||| I was assigned this book when I was a sophomore in high school (22 years ago). I couldn't get through it; the Cliff Notes version help me pass the test. I found it turgid and laborious reading.I graduated in the top 10% of my high school class. I have a master's degree. Despite my academic success, I don't understand why this book is a classic. I don't understand why Hester didn't just pack up Pearl and her stuff, move to another town and tell everyone she was a widow. That would have saved everyone alot of grief, especially young readers like me.
4 ||| Great read! I would recommend this book to anyone of my friends! I look forward to reading all of Sandra Brown's books!
2 ||| It was okay. The acting wasn't all that great and neither was the story line. I did like how April's mother came around so fast and was more concerned about her daughter being happy rather than who she was with.
4 ||| I was hoping for a powerful, but small shop vac and this is it. My garage clutter alarm sounded recently and storing this model helped to cure that issue! Sturdy, well-made, convenient, multiple functions I can actually use and enough motor to work hard without dimming my lights. Just right as Goldilocks said!!
4 ||| I love this movie! It was origonaly a mini series I think on NBC(Not sure) It gets a bit long feeling as it IS a three CD DVD but I love every minute of it!
0 ||| to tell you the truth, i didn't like this book. i am not into the whole "western" books. i had to read it for a project at my school and i thought it was terrible. plain and simple. sorry to all you out there who liked it but u guys r weird!
2 ||| We used this book in a fourth grade class. It is not meant to be the first introduction to cursive (that should happen in grade 3) - this 96 page color workbook reviews manuscript letters (10 pages), reviews the capital cursive letters, and then covers some of the tricky letter combinations that occur in cursive writing. It provides practice in different writing forms, and has improved my daugthers handwriting. It filled in the gaps that we seem to have from the introduction to cursive in Grade 3.
4 ||| "Ender's Game", like so many others who have written here, is my all-time fave sci-fi book. Obviously, most of us have caught up to the fact that Card was determined to "right" the capsized-ship of morality. Card was successful in this book, but his success came at the expense of our fave character Ender. I don't agree that Ender's childhood decisions based on self-preservation were selfish signs of cowardice. The constant chatter between the piggy trees and buggers was sorta irritating at the end. Personally, I would've liked to see Ender return to earth with his family and swim in that lake he and val floated on way back when.
0 ||| It is too bad they do not give the dimensions of this camera bag in the product description. This thing was tiny! It barely fit my Canon Powershot A620 camera and had no room for accessories except for maybe a micro SD card.
2 ||| This set is produced under the name of KULTUR. Well, its sort of pseudo Kultur. The narrative does not follow the illustrations, and the experts comments are really too brief to make a point. They seemed more concerned in getting something on the market than producing something educational.Still, it is a good outline or introduction for a beginner. The quality of the pictures is pretty good. After viewing this, where does it get you? You won't be able to talk about these subjects at a party nor pass any test, But you will have a wide base on which to continue your studies.If you are taking your trip, these will not help as they do not disclose where the paintings are on display. If you are a student, there are some tidbits that might add interest to your essay exam.Then again, you can put in these CDs, let them run and leave the room. Amazon carries many of these boxed sets, and I have purchased several of them, knowing what they are. I use them as beginning steps of my study.
3 ||| I watched this movie yesterday. um.......wow. Weirdest thing ever. It should be rated R. There is only one word in the entire video and it's "Help". Personally, I think this movie was made by a very bored animator who was not doing what he was supposed to and was in the middle of a phsycotic breakdown.Yup.Buy this movie.It is worth your 85 cents.
1 ||| I would recommend this product, if you can find the right color for you. Mine totally did not match.
2 ||| My sons like it but it requires constant repair. The gel that 'catches' the pellets falls out often.
2 ||| This is a good story with an interesting twist to the plot.But...cliffhanger ending indeed.I like my books to have an ending.I do not like to have!! to read the next book in the series to find out what happens to the characters in the current story.So do not start this series if you do not have in hand all 3 books.Rachell Youngman
4 ||| What can you say about this movie. It is timeless, and a monument to movie making. It can still stir emotion as I watch the spoiled brat Scarlett do her thing.
3 ||| My only problem with it is that if I don't drink my coffee right away (like 5 mins), it gets cold and fast! The machine itself works great, no leaks, no fuss. All components are easy to remove and it's pretty easy to clean.
4 ||| I definitely recommend this as a quick, but fascinating read. It's not only thought-provoking, discussion-lending and well-written, but in the case of this copy, aesthetically pleasing and really well designed by Cricket House Books. Stevenson creatively captures the essence of so much human struggle - the capacity for both good and evil within each human being - and the tragic consequences that result when evil is given sway. It would be an appealing choice for teen and adult readers or book clubs.
3 ||| "The Notebook" is not as good as "The Rescue" and "A Bend in the Road" but keep in mind that it is the first book Nicholas Sparks ever published. It is short - I finished it in one day - and very emotional toward the end. If you like the "happily ever after" type endings, then you might be disappointed. But I found "The Notebook" to be a wonderful story of true everlasting love.
0 ||| Poor acting all around, Horrible storyline. Do yourself a favor and pass this one up. You'll thank me.
2 ||| This is a solid replacement for Apple's charger. It is light weight and does the job it was intended to do. Blue "on" light simply tells you it's plugged in, but there's no indicator to tell you when the computer is fully charged. Lacks the portability elegance of the Apple charger, but costs a lot less.
0 ||| Excuse me, but I don't think that "Hank done it this way"!!!! This album has way too many POP tunes on it! What's wrong with COUNTRY is that people like Shania Twain, LeAnn Rimes, JoDee Messina, and Faith are taking the country out of country music!!!!!! I don't think that Reba McEntire (God bless her soul) would ever have been dumb enought to release a COOKIE-CUTTER song like "THIS KISS"!!!!!! I won't say that every song is disgusting. Hell, I actually like "LET ME LET GO"!!!! But, people, IT'S NOT A COUNTRY SONG!!!!! WE DON'T NEED 'DVIA'S' IN COUNTRY MUSIC!!!!! PLEASE, STOP BUYING TRASH!!!! IF YOU WANT A COUNTRY ALBUM, PICK UP STEVE WARINER or 'KING' GEORGE STRAIT!!!!!!!! I think that Faith should hang up her invisible Stetson, and stop bringing her new POP-DVIA sound into Tim McGraw's music!!!!
1 ||| I really wanted to play the bingo game, however, the CD's did not play. I tried to play other games, to no avail.
1 ||| I have nothing against religion, but I was very surprised to see that a large portion of this book is a fictional account of Joseph writing about fathering Jesus. Yes, there are probably good lessons to be learned here, but I couldn't get past the religious aspects of the writing to see them.
3 ||| I have a coworker who is of the same movie demographic as I. He went is search for this film for his memorabilia. His search was in vain, so I went to the unfailing search place of my choice, and I was able to procure his request. Thank you Amazon for your unfailing resources.
0 ||| This movie is crap! Do not buy ! complete waste of time.. Waste of money ... that all i have to say !
1 ||| The book was no different than described. Was a little disappointed in the seconds appearance of the book. Obvious printing errors. Full of margin and spacing errors. It was a disappointing. Would have been nice to know more of that condition up front
1 ||| This was not the greatest generation. This was the last bigoted generation. Bigotry today exists in smaller and smaller pockets, hangovers from the generation Brokaw prostrates himself to. My older friend tells me that she likes working with younger men than her own generation because she gets treated like an equal instead of a subordinate. Says it all really - the greatest generation doesn't even like itself. Is Tom Brokaw out to make a buck with the old `it were better in my time' malarkey, or is he stupid? Given that he is already very wealthy, and has never before struck me as an idiot, I'm going for the only other option - he wanted more limelight. By the way, the book was repetitive. If they were that great, why weren't there more examples to call on than the same schmaltz delivered time and again.
0 ||| This is a great movie with a lot of, yes I said it, car crashes. This movie has the most car crashes in one movie. And it was made waaaay before the games were made. If you want this movie thinking its based on the video game, shop elsewhere. If you want a good car crash movie, check this out.
1 ||| I bought the Pampers Baby dry count 246 but it is not up to the expectations.Better to by Pamper Swaddles
0 ||| A thing of beauty is a joy forever. Hedy Lamarr had a body which was absolutely beautiful.One scene in Ecstasy showed her beauty, with full frontal nudity, at the young age of 18. It was included in this movie for all the world to see, and appreciate, forever. However, when I puchased this DVD, that particular scene was not included. Some idiot editor deleted that scene.So, now, thanks to some idiot editor at Amazon, that thing of beauty is lost - forever!
4 ||| My pals & I went to see this while completely drunk. It was the best time I've had at the movies in ages. I laughed- no exaggeration- from the opening credits to the end. Not sure I could sit through it sober, but if you're looking for a movie to rip on a la Mystery Science Theatre 3000 you can't do any better. The wooden acting, absurd dialogue and crawling pace of the movie make for the perfect target.
4 ||| I thought it was a good book. It's old english which just adds color to the book. I liked it. I'll probably read it again.
4 ||| This walking collar has the greatest design. I do not have to have great upper body strength to control my excited boxer. She walks next to me like she is supposed to. No more pulling me down the street. Bravo
3 ||| You get what you pays for, with this title. Big fight, and dead people, brought about by plotting and scheming, with the Shade-powers, Jack, and the local hero-cop family in the middle.Opal City is a wonderful looking place, but now is the time it really needs its heroes. You know what Guignol in the title is going to mean, as well.
4 ||| I loved this book and it has easily became my favorite!! When I first started this book I didn't make it past the first page because I just couldn't get into it. However, a few weeks later I opened the book again and couldn't stop reading. Don't let the page count deter you. This book is genius. The count of monte cristo has it all and just when you think you've seen the last of a character, he/she pops right back up. I love how everything comes together. Make sure to read the unabridged version because other wise you would just miss out on all the stuff that makes this book great. And you can't go wrong with the Robin Buss translation. Enjoy!!
2 ||| This story follows a small town reporter as he uncovers a crime of international significance in a small New England community. The author follows the creation and acquisition of each item of the Geographer's Library, switching back and forth between our hero and unknown characters. A bit confusing and plodding in its delivery, it is not without merit if you have the patience for that sort of thing.
2 ||| This vid is worth lookin' at and its not like Dre aint on there bc/ they do the Hana mutha f#c*in Lou Lou thing, but right there are a lot of segways and clips that just aint Thizzle Washington. It lacks the excitement and real energy of the first Treal as hosted by: Mac Dre. In addition, I was a little shocked at the portion of the video depicting some pretty harsh street fights with kids and girls going at it in a way that was a pretty sick and not so funny, unlike when adults throw the dawgs. Look at 'Treal Volume 2' if you follow the Bay and Thizz pretty tight but it aint Mac Dre's feature.
3 ||| Car Wheels on a Gravel Road is a good folk-rock album. It's good simple sings with good lyrics that aren't covered up by a bunch of production. It probably won't work so well for the hyperactive or impatient. Just sit back and listen to and think aoubt the songs. You'll like 'em.
2 ||| Another Stones live album. This one has some tracks not included on any of the others on that long list, but it's still a mediocre live LP at best. Keith, Charlie, and Ronnie Wood are in good form throughout. Shattered really rocks and has that punk feel to it that was the inspiration for the song to begin with. The one thing that makes this album mediocre is the vocals. Listening to it, you can't get over the fact that Mick Jagger's voice sounds so God awful bad. It reminds me of The Allman Brothers "Second Set", in which an obviously liquored up Greg Allman sounds unrecognizable throughout.
0 ||| This movie was like watching a weird cartoon where utter nonsense is accepted as normal. Reminded me of Space Jam where seeing cartoon characters and space ships landing on ball fields are accepted as no big deal. This movie may have worked better as a cartoon but I think it failed miserably as a movie.
0 ||| Had this toaster oven for over a year. Was toasting a bagel today and the circuitry area caught on fire extremely quickly today. Bye bye toaster oven. The fire was visible inside the right hand side of the toaster, and quickly went out after I unplugged it. Trash.
3 ||| Jane Eyre, was well worth reading , I did enjoy it, but also felt it was a bit long, much could havebeen shortened.
1 ||| In March, 2012 I purchased A Xantrex 600 Powerpack that is discontinued and I was not told that it was so. Finding parts is nearly impossible!
1 ||| Why is the publisher setting the price for the Kindle version the same as the paperback? Apparently they live in some fantasy world where either paper is free, or duplicating bytes is expensive.
2 ||| In this movie a father goes to great lengths to get his family together. I feel that all his kids lying about their situation is so wrong. Overall this movie is ok but it takes a while to lead up to its climax.
1 ||| "Goes Forth" is great, and all the best things said in the other reviews apply. However, on DVD the laugh track is too loud, especially in episode one, where it really interferes. There are two areas in the extra features section which are "buggy": the narration in the Historical References as well as Cast Information cuts off halfway through the narration in each and every item or cast member except the 2 or 3 that are under 10 seconds long. $&@# annoying!
4 ||| I'm a big fan of SNL, so I was quite excited to get into this book. It did not let me down. The reading is very easy, and the format facilitates the transmission of information one wouldn't normally know: the writers, actors, producers, etc. do most of the talking here in short interview snippets, filled in occasionally by explanations of context from the authors of the book. It's a great situation, which allows for memorable moments like Will Ferrell saying Chevy Chase was the worst host he ever worked with. It's fascinating stuff, and I'd recommend it to any SNL fan.
2 ||| I read this book as a young adult and found it to be very violent and disturbing. Now I can see how a simple story of a group of people trying to survive on the bare minimum in the wild, turn to savagedry, and how it reflects our society.
4 ||| Not much to say except it works like a sony and is built to last! Hight quality images and has a low light feature that is pretty awesome!
2 ||| This product, while labeled as new, looked like it was run over a few times. The box was in terribly condition, and was even held together by some masking tape. However, the CD's inside were in impeccable condition; and since the quality of the box does not impair my listening experience, I wasn't too upset. Great product, bad shipping and/or handling.
4 ||| It's a fun ice breaker at parties. My friends enjoy it very much, and it has a very good selection of music.
3 ||| This is an impressing critical overview of the broad specter of theories and methods under the umbrella of cultural studies. The book gives you some sense of direcion as you enter into the sea of confusion made up by the various schools of thought that have influenced todays cultural studies, be it withing media, popular music, folklore or popular studies in general. The book includes a glossary of key concepts, and can be read like a companion to cultural studies. I found a lot of valuable information as the author traced the historic roots of various subjects, enabeling me to change perspective with him as he went along. I am myself a music student, studying within the field of popular music...
1 ||| just a gripe about the collectible aspect of this item. the bifolding case with plastic slip cover is such a pain to handle. you have to slip off the plastic cover to get to the bifolding case of the cd. not a one handed operation like you can with a regular cd jewel case. makes it hard to get the cd when youre driving. so dont ever lose the slip cover or you will end up with flying double cds.
0 ||| One thing that really irks me about this book and all of theOsborne Tips and Tricks books that I've purchased: the bind qulity isquite poor. The pages are falling out after the first week. END
4 ||| I won't rehash the plot; plenty of reviewers here tell what the story is about. I will say, though, that this book begins the career of Edgar Rice Burroughs and that it's success leads the author to create Tarzan, Pellucidar, and many other stories. And more Barsoom! John Carter, Confederate veteran, fights, runs, leaps, loves, befriends and brings the races of dying Mars together when he isn't busy waging war or rescuing maidens. Actually, he brings the races of dying Mars together WHILE waging war and rescuing maidens. One can clearly see how Tars Tarkas begat Chewbacca, and how John Carter himself begat Flash Gordan, Luke Skywalker, and Superman... yes, Superman.And the second book, _The Gods of Mars_, is even better!
2 ||| I agree that this is not really great rock, but a previous reviewer hold the Sex Pistols as the standard bearer for rock, when John Lydon (AKA Rotten)readily admits the Sex Pistols were/are a "swindle" and a fraud. He's also stated that he "loathes" rock and roll and wants no part of rock "history" or the Hall of Fame.So, while I may not love the music bands like MCR make, at least they make music they like and have a passion for. The only thing Lydon and SP "mastermind" Malcom McClarren had a passion for was defrauding the public and trying to cash in on a punk movement that ultimately died off because of the Sex Pistols and other zero-talent acts.
4 ||| I enjoyed Cross's version of this story, especially the historical detours into the state of law and medicine in the Dark Ages. But, I'm glad I read it before I opened the Lawrence Durell/Emmanuel Royidis' version.This is the funniest book I've read since Fried Green Tomatoes! It's a hilarious, irreverent, bawdy, sacreligious saga at the expense of every prudish, hypocritically pious notion ever spawned in Christian history. It's a scream! I wonder if my neighbors have been disturbed by my uncontrollable howling. As an example, there's the bit where Joan uses the leg bone (sacred relic) of a martyred saint which she and a group of monks are transporting, to fend off the overly-amorous monks during an episode of gluttenous over-indulgence!This very literate debauchery is the work of a genius.
2 ||| This book is about the lives of World War II Veterans. I can see why so many people like it. This book does a very good job of giving details. The details make the book feel very personal. They allow you to really get to know the people that the stories are about. Unfortunately, it is the details that make the book seem boring. I would have liked it better if the details were focused on the action and not on trivial issues. Maybe, some day, when I am an old man (when I'm 26 or so), I will re-read this and get more enjoyment out of it. I did find several stories to be rather interesting. I enjoyed reading about the way African American veterans were treated. Another problem I had with the book is that Tom Brokaw is a little to conservative for me. Everybody, except the guy who makes the "Mallard Fillmore" comic strip, knows liberals are more fun. (..)
1 ||| ----------- -----------1) The mechanism of natural selection among people explained:"the races or species of men, whichever term may be applied, encroach on and replace one another, so that some finally become extinct"2) The way this encroachment until extinction occurs among people:"Extinction follows chiefly from the competition of tribe with tribe,and race with race. (...) when of two adjoining tribes one becomes less numerous and less powerful than the other, the contest is soon settled by war, slaughter, cannibalism, slavery, and absorption."3) The morality of Darwinism:"The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognise that we ought to control our thoughts, and "not even in inmost thought to think again the sins that made the past so pleasant to us."1,2,3 those are the main things in the book in my opinion. It fails on standards of systemacy, abstraction, exactitude, verification, logic/reasoning, neutrality and formalising of theory.
0 ||| We've had this kettle for about three years, and every time we use it are reminded of how much we dislike it. The whistle stopped working a while ago, the handles get uncomfortably hot, and it doesn't clean up well (we have the "stainless" steel--not really so stainless). My biggest complaint with it, though, is that the lid--which is wide, and is supposed to make the pot easier to clean--is really difficult to take off and put back on. Every time I pull it off of the tea kettle I end up banging my hand on the handle. Ouch! Buy a different tea kettle. That's what I'm finally doing.
0 ||| I didn't care for this one. The size runs small. It was a bit uncomfortable, so I ended up not using it and giving it away to a much smaller person.
1 ||| perfectly good sound but I could not get local am channel generally available on other portable radios. Battery pack is a disaster. can't find it anywhere and Radio Shack offered to order one for me for about $25...for a battery for a $100 radio???
3 ||| Lost Horizon is a great novel. Hilton's grasp of imagery and diction really make this novel a fun one to read. Since reading this book, I read Shangri-La, a sequel to Lost Horizon by Eleanor Cooney. I must admit that I did not like that one at all-- and felt that Hilton's story was desecrated. In any case, I advise anyone with patience (the beginning of the book is not a cathcer) to read this book. A lot of philoshophy in this one...
3 ||| this book tells the history of the sleepy hollow and it was even more amazing because when i was done my dad told me stories about the sleepy hollow we he lived there.
1 ||| Arthur Clarke will go down in history as one of the best science fiction writers of all time. Unfortunately, this book is not worthy of him. He wrote it in just one month, and it reads like it. It's hardly well thought through, and falls flat on the mind. Stick with his earlier works.
2 ||| Actually everything in the book IS helpful, and a OK read... but most of the material is FREE on the net already.The stuff from "The Layguide" was mirrored on all kinds of websites all over the place before it ever became print. If you search for keywords like "layguide" and "player guide" on the net, you will find this stuff is basically plagaurized. It was just a compilation of a bunch of usenet posts.Now, if you really want something in print, and original too, do yourself a favor now and go buy "The Art of Seduction" by Robert Greene, also available here on Amazon.com. The guy researched great seducers and seductions throughout history, and came up with types of seducers, the stages of seduction, etc. And his work is entirely original as well.
1 ||| This book starts strong, then becomes a sad use of dead trees. There are a number of good examples on the uses of XML, but many overlap and become repetitive. The previous comment on poor editing is well founded...the number of blantant printing and typographical errors is astounding.
0 ||| The only thing the elevated Flock Of Seagulls above the rest of the euro-80's-new wave pack was the under-rated, but brilliant, guitar work of Paul Reynolds. He left the band before this album and they didn't even bother to replace him, they just added more cheesy keyboards. The result sounds like 4th rate Thompson Twins and completely fails to capture the sound or energy of the the first 3 albums.
4 ||| Mr. Lomborg, a Danish professor and Greenpeace member, started his project with his students to disprove conservative complaints about the environmental movement. To his surprise he discovered and proves in this book(almost half of which is devoted to footnotes and sources) the conservatives complaints are largely true. He not only makes a case for the improving environment he gives example after example of lies by prominent environmental movement leaders and cites you to charts and accepted studies that disprove them. This is a must read book for anyone serious about the environment. It is a more significant environmental work than "The Silent Spring" and it's based on fact not emotion.
4 ||| I am amazed that this album has not received greater coverage in the US. It is the best one I have heard this year. Real soul, original singing style and easy to like with catchy tunes. It is one of those very rare LP's that you immediately fall in love with but you don't end up getting fed up with after 100 listens. If you thought the recent offerings from Mary J Blige and Lauryn Hill were great (and they were) this one will amaze you. BUY IT
1 ||| The music in this one really puts you off the mood. Jousting and rock-n-roll just don't feel right together.
4 ||| I gave this to my husband for a Christmas gift and he absoultely loved it. This is his favorite version of America the Beautiful. I have searched for a long time and I finally found it. I listened to the CD myself and I really enjoyed it also. I would recommend it to everyone.
0 ||| So why is this movie for us hardcore fans only? 'Cause only a hardcore Friday the 13th addict could stand watching this senseless stupid movie.The director claims that he wanted to give us something different; well, he did. The only problem being that he did not really give us a Friday movie. I don't know what movie this really is; perhaps "Invasion of the Jason Body Snatchers" but definitely not a Friday.If you like old school Jason, then get part 6 or 7. They are more traditional.Oh and hey, since when the hell does Jason have a sister!!! OMG, talk about stupidity!
1 ||| Disk 4 was scratched and so I couldn't watch 2 episodes, I tried cleaning the disk but that didn't work. All episodes were on the disks but there was also a disk 6 that had episodes from a different season, so I believe that these are fake.
0 ||| The latch holding the moter to the tub snapped off on first use. The cheap brass rivet holding latch to the tub needs to be replaced with corosion proof bolt with washer and self locking nut so that latch tension can be adjusted as required. Otherwise the icecream freezer apears to be of high quanity. Also, there were warranty information included and no contact information from the company.
4 ||| The CD was exactly what I wanted. It was shipped promptly and I received befor expected date. All in all, I am a very satisfied customer
4 ||| one of my favorite albums ever,really underrated,but definitely a must to understand what life is really about.Gives me peace of mind,and soul...
3 ||| Written shortly after the end of the Civil War this novel covers all of the bases -- politics, battles, social issues, and personal relationships -- affected by the war. It does this with a depth not usually seen in Civil War novels and particularly those written in the 20th century. De Forest does not insult the reader's intelligence and his characters are not just stereotypes but have real flesh and blood. (Well, except maybe for the heroine!) If you enjoy this book try A Fool's Errand for a good novel about Reconstruction also written shortly after the end of the Civil War.
1 ||| The story is cute, and I laughed aloud a couple of times, but I wish I'd read this when I was about 18. I think I would have appreciated it more then. I'd draw the analogy to a Julia Roberts movie...entertaining, but you're almost dumber for having partaken. At 18 I wouldn't have minded the lack of character development, I wouldn't have minded the cartoonish supporting characters. (...)But at my age (...) I feel like this book was wasted on me because it is a silly and superficial, albeit cute, story. And for heaven's sake, where was Jennifer Cruise on the day they taught conversational writing in school? Playing hooky and stuffing her face with Chicken Marsala? After the first chapter, I was already fed up with the "he said...she said...he said...she said...he said..." How about "he retorted," or "she replied?!?" (...)
0 ||| The plot is not believable, there is not a shred of character development, and there isn't even any descriptive atmosphere. It shocks me that Jack Higgins and the publishers actually make money off of this puerile drivel. I shall not buy any more of his efforts.
4 ||| I don't care what people might say, but I love this film. I saw it many years ago on VHS. So for me it's nostalgia to see it again on DVD in better quality... There must be something special about films, which you have seen, been a child.
1 ||| Took longer to load than expected. Seems to require much longer time to open programs and for programs to respond once open. Not sure if that is extra security checks going on or what. I found the instructions more an advertisement of the products than a help as to adjusting views and basic understanding of functions/functionality. HELP never seems to be very helpful as is typical with MS products.
1 ||| I was so psyched to see this movie again--I LOVED this when I was a little girl! Sadly, it just isn't all that I remembered it to be--we (the hubby, my 2 year-old and my 5 year-old) almost fell asleep on this movie. It is slow-paced and uninteresting. The music is lame; the premise is lame. The fairies are still as fun as I remembered, but not good enough to carry an entire movie. Lest you think I am too picky, I do want to say that we all enjoyed Snow White, & Cinderella and both of these movies were made before my mother was born (I am 35 years-old). It is NOT that this movie is old--it's just boring.
3 ||| This book is beautifully illustrated, and it explains the facts of life and death in a very direct and unsentimental way: all creatures have a lifetime, then they die. The book discusses the lifetimes of different living creatures, from insects who only live a few days, to large mammals who live many years. It describes people as living for "sixty or seventy years, sometimes even more." That is a little scary for a child whose grandparents are already way past those ages and still in great health. "Lifetimes" explains the concepts of lifespan and death, but does not offer comfort for those who fear death or are grieving. I recommend the book "Gentle Willow" for those who want a gentler, more comforting story, that is no less true to fact.
0 ||| Gamera is back in the 5th installment gamera vs this knife monster they called guiron.I own all 8 gamera flicks and to saythis one was kinda bad.It seem cheesy in ever way.The dubbing of course is really bad and the whole Guiron monster was alright but instead of a knife head monster why they don't use a fork lol.I know gamera films were on a tight budget but they really made a mess on this one.Alright monster action but story lacks hard.
2 ||| Just got the 16 pack. Totally ripped open. Batteries spilling all over the box. They are dated to expire on 03-2018. We'll see. I've tested some. They work. But the package looks so old and beaten up that I'm wondering about the life of these batteries no matter what the expiration date is. Plus, the package contains a little plastic car from the TransFormers movie. A little dated??????? I'll post another review if this turns out to be a flop.
4 ||| Item was as described or better, arrived very quickly, professionally packed. Recommended. Great UK Mini-series!
4 ||| I first read Clan of the Cave Bear when I was prompted by my mom.I thought "another one of your lousy stories" I read the first page and I was enthralled!! I simply could not take my eyes off the page!!I am a 12-year-old living in Kars,Ontario,and I reccommend this book to EVERYONE!!!!!!!Nobody writes like Jean M. Not ever.This book made me laugh,as well as cry. I have read all of her books,and am eagerly awaiting her 5th book.I love this book! I would give it 10000000 stars,if possible. If anyone dares to insult her work in my presence.......
3 ||| Shute's "On The Beach," while an interesting character study on the aftereffects of nuclear war on a fairly remote population of people, makes for interesting reading, but is not especially outstanding in the realm of post-nuclear literature. The inevitability of the characer's demise leads them to dealing with their situation in many different ways, each of which is realistic and thought-provoking (what would YOU do?) but this book stands more as a study of human psychology in extreme conditions rather than one of the truly great "nuke/mass disaster" novels.Shute's writing, however, is fantastic and his characters fully believable. The fact that the book is rather short on much except conversation and character development sections more or less shows where its interests lie. This book is definately more for the intellectual interested in the effects of impending doom on people rather than the thrill-seeker looking for a graphic description of nuclear war.
3 ||| This freshly written book about comparative physiology is at its best when describing how some of the basic mechanisms of life - such as circulation, homeostasis and metabolism - work, in distinctly lay terms. Much of it will be familiar territory for anyone who took serious interest in their college biology and chemistry classes, but the organization is fine. Another bright point about "Why Geese" is the clarity and good humor it brings to the subject of evolution. For once, being a packrat served me in some small way: I bought and read about half of this enjoyable book when it came out, then for some reason put it away for five years before finishing it in the last several days.
3 ||| It does a nice job of chopping up my veggies, but sometimes the size it chops to is too fine for when you want a thicker cut. Otherwise, it's a very good product.
4 ||| I had ignored filing for about six months. I knew I had to organize on a grand scale. This collator was the answer. With 24 slots or sections, I was able to accomplish quite alot in a short time. It closes up easily and stores in a small space. Very easy to use. Just great!
4 ||| I got this book the other day here on Amazon and I couldn't put it down. Especially during his years with Blondie which were from my point of view the most interesting stories in this book. He has a lot of crazy, funny, scary, and sad stories to tell in this book and they are very entertaining and gripping to read. I couldn't put it down. I had to know more. I love his insight into the whole scene from that period. He links the glitter period to the punk period and back again very well.Read this book.
1 ||| If Venice is a city you've always dreamed of visiting, or your favorite travel destination, this book still isn't for you! Don't get me wrong, I love great stories filled with interesting and eccentric characters, as this book is billed. Trouble is, this book doesn't deliver on that score either.Sure there are some great stories buried in the pages of social party drivel, like the Seguso glass dynasty - worth every paragraph and more.But mostly Berendt's long awaited follow-up to Midnight is chock full of gossip, innuendo, and pandering blather about all the "great" people Berendt can name - John, I get it, you can list all the hall of famers on the 19th and early 20th century facist poet dream team. Trouble is I DON'T CARE.With so many great and beautiful books in the world about Venice and it's people, this work lacks the luster or unique perspective worthy of the slog to get through it.
2 ||| This case definitely protects the TX very well. It doesn't keep dirt and all the good little bits that can end up in your purse out but it stands up to my nephew. Unlike the picture my case only came with one slot for and SD card.
1 ||| The chosen was very boring and uneventful. It was this happens, then something else happens, then over and over again. The story of the friendship between Reuven and Danny is told well, but besides that, it was horrible.
3 ||| I thought eragon was a great book...untill I read the reviews.Now I (unfortunately) see that it does kinda copy the lord of the rings and the dragonriders of pern. what really bothers me is it doesn't really go fast enough and doesn't have enough exciting moments.he takes to much time to get to where he's going. on the defensive side ,I noticed with other peoples reveiws they said paolini was 17 when he wrote it , acturally he was 15 and it is a pretty good book .I don't regret buying it at all.I hope Eldest will be better.
1 ||| When this came on, we said, "What was that!?" To us it was awful, which does not mean that there is probably someone out there who would like it. Just too crazy for us. We were not familiar with Jewel, or would not have ordered it.
2 ||| Any recital of Handel Opera arias is worthwhile, especially one that concentrates on lesser-known works. But Jean-Loup Charvet does not impress here. His intonation is poor, and he sounds very tentative in all. This may be due to physical weakness, since he seems to have died (at a very young age) shortly after this recording was made. For the Handel specialist only.
4 ||| Decent interpretation of the classic novel. I was happily amazed when my ninth-grade students claimed that they actually preferred the book!
0 ||| I have a couple of albums with Charlie Shavers as a sideman, playing with either Ray Bryant or Hal Singer, and they are pretty solid so I figured why not try something by him as a leader. Unfortunately this title finds the trumpeter performing with orchestra, and while the mood may be "intimate" to some, I just think the recordings sound like sappy movie music. For those who care, this disc collects the original albums "The Most Intimate" and "Gershwin, Shavers & Strings," both from 1955. I got this disc cheap in the Marketplace, but now I'm reluctant to get anything else by Shavers regardless of price.
3 ||| It's great; it is just the size I was looking for. The only reason I did not rate 5/5 stars is because I had, for some reason, expected it to be just a wee bit deeper.
3 ||| While not his best work of course, I enjoyed this film. I am an Asia fan and she did a good job here. It's different than his previous work of course, but it really kept my interest and was entertaining. It's worth a watch.
3 ||| Twenty five years since I've seen a classroom. I had a burning desire to pick up where I left off. What I needed was a good introduction but I could not find my "Elements of Statistical Thermodynamics" by K. Nash (an excellent little book). So I tried Chandler's book, modern but not a beginners text. For the true beginner, I'd suggest "Intro. To Thermophysics by Espinola, WCB (c) 1994". After Espinola, go to Hill's book a great bridge at a bargin before going to Chandler. Hill's style is clear but examples are given a condensed treatment. Not a problem solving book, but a good book if physical understanding and a bridge forward is your goal.
4 ||| I have 2 girls, 19 months & 2 1/2. I purchased it for my 2 1/2 year old, but both girls love it. The pieces fit easily in their spots, there is no pushing to get the pieces in. Nice change in boards, my girls are tired of the food/transportation boards. This is a nice change.
4 ||| Este concerto  uma grande demostraao de talento, a irma de Caetano sempre  uma grande artista, tudo o mundo sabe disso!
3 ||| This game has been a rollercoaster for me since purchasing it. At first, it ran way too fast. All of the movement and cutscenes seemed to run at double speed, which of course made playing the game tough. Granted, this is an old game, and running it on a newer system with dual CPUs proved to be too much. Finally, I realized that setting the affinity to one CPU enabled the game to run properly. I have not finished the game, but it presents with a great atmosphere, (although a little campy), and has generally been a solid FPS for me so far. You must take into account that this is an old game and can't stand up to Crysis, Bioshock or the like, but if you like retro games like me, this is a good, solid pick up, just make sure you're able to run it properly on your system.
4 ||| The author covers a great deal on commands and syntax, but the true strength of this title lies in its ability impart an understanding of the logic and numerous concepts behind PHP/MySQL development. I would most recommend this book to those individuals who are comfortable with HTML and CSS, and have at least minimal programming experience. Sharp and dedicated "no-experience" beginners could probably figure things out as they go along, but it would require some effort. I personally think that's a fair trade for a book that will prove itself invaluable to anyone seriously interested in learning PHP/MySQL development.
0 ||| This is a grotesque despoliation of a classic film. Essential elements of the background storyline are not properly established. There are scenes whose purpose within the overall structure simply defies understanding. The nighttime 'escape attempt' sequence is shot in a bizarre green blur and was extremely unpleasant to watch. Hideous music plays frequently but the nail in the coffin of this film is the poverty of the in-game action sequences. These are generally nothing more than a confusing melange of images. The transitions from one camera shot to another seem very poorly done and it is really impossible to follow the internal dynamics of each game.
1 ||| I used to be a big fan but I despised Song From the City....I was ultimately bored with Is This Desire? I had high hopes for this record but it just quite doesn't deliver, she doesn't go over the top with either her voice, or with the emotioanal content like some of the material on Dance Hall, or Rid of Me or the Four Track Demo or even DRY. She does a fantastic cover of Rainer Ptacek on a little EP called Is This My VEil? The same cover is probably more obtainable on INNER FLAME a tribute/benefit to Ptacek. IF PJ has lost the angst in her song writing ablilty maybe she should just do Ptacek covers; he wrote wonderful songs and he's dead.
1 ||| The first 5 chapters were good, there is an exciting story and an attraction happening. Then it fizzles out. Disappointed. Put it down after they went to London.
0 ||| Mrs. Auel did a brilliant job with her first book, Clan of the Cavebear. Having read everything after, it is painfully obvious she was lucky. All the books after bear out the fact that she should have stayed a housewife, and not pretend to be a professional writer. Someone has taught her how to pad a book with repetitive musings by the main character about events from the first book, ad nauseum. With this latest installment, she has perfected the craft of telling very little story while piling on the number of pages to justify the hardback cover price. I think Mrs. Auel ought to be ashamed of herself for putting out such trash. However, I imagine her aim is to pad her bank account better than she has padded her books.
2 ||| I still wonder why this book is a perennial reading requirement in junior high schools across the country. I had to read it way back when, and it almost turned me off from books in general. This is not to say it's a bad book, because, on the contrary, it's great, but don't have great expectations of an exciting contemporary read. To enjoy this book and appreciate the beauty of fully-fleshed characters, come-alive scenes, and intricately woven plot, you absolutely must keep in mind that this book was written in a different time, before the Hemingway revolution of sparse prose. As you read it, expect long verbose passages and miles between exciting scenes. But stick it out, and in the end expect a great read that stays with you a lifetime. If the schools are trying to expose antsy kids to Dickens, they may be better served with A Tale of Two Cities, which moves a bit faster in my opinion.
3 ||| I think the book should be for an older age group than 9-12 it was advanced for that age group. I think it was a very good book up until the end. I think i missed something cause i really didn't understand the ending. But i know i lent my book to my aunt and she cried and thought it was a very good book. I read Summer of My German Soldier for 9th grade High School and i barely undrerstood certain parts.I liked it though inspight of those few things!!
4 ||| As an early modern historian, well, a student of history, I have to give this book only 3 stars. But as a reader, I give it five stars. My first year of university was dominated by studies of The Wars of the Roses and Richard III - in English and History. A friend gave me a copy of Ms. Tey's book and it got me thinking about the bad rap Richard III has got. I have since delved deeper into the mystery, at least as far as the resources of the University of Western Australia's library will allow, (and this is a lot as it has a fantastic collection of History resources), and have decided that Richard III wasn't AS bad as he is made out to be. The Daughter of Time is an entertaining and thought provoking fiction. I reccommend it for all amatuer historians out there. It opens your eyes to the bias of history.
4 ||| Love That Dog is purely awesome!!!I think the main reason I love it is that it appeals to so many different types of people. It can appeal to poetry lovers, since it is written in poems and there are several famous examples at the back. It can appeal to poetry haters, because that is exactly what the "author" of the poems, Jack, is- a boy who considers poetry for sissies. It can appeal to teachers, because it gives you some great ideas for classroom studies of poetry. It can appeal to people who are looking for a humorous, touching book that's a quick read.I have read it many times simply because it is so immensely enjoyable.Buy this now- It's cheap, and I really don't think you'll ever regret it!
0 ||| I first tried the fusion power razor, I thought it was great! But hold on I purchased the replacement blades and WOW! They were terrible!!! they seemed really dull BEFORE I used them. I don't know if Gillette is using the ole bait n switch or what, But my first blade lasted about 3 months and gave a great shave. The replacements are garbage, don't waste your money. Just my opinion.
0 ||| I'd give this 0 stars. Dream Street is five kids put together to make bad music. This CD sure proves it. Why is the you-can-be-a-pop-star-while-you're-10 thing so "in"? Buy something more mature like Dido or John Mayer.
4 ||| On The Far Side Of The Mountain, is sequel to My Side Of The Mountain. It is about a boy who runs away into the wilderness to live on his own. I liked this book because it is very adventourous and surprising. You never know what will happen next! If you have read Hatchet or My side of the Mountain you will love this book! You will also like it if you like action!
4 ||| I love Saucony... I don't know why I bought a different brand for my previous pair. I just got these in the mail today and they are so comfortable. When I was on the subway to work today, I was wondering when my shoes would arrive. I looked at this stylish girl sitting across from me and she was wearing the EXACT style I just bought. Damn!
3 ||| You CAN find the song CRY on the CD VH-1 Hits of the 80s. Their CD Crime and Punishment had some great tunes on it. Wish I could find the MP3 song, Crime and Punishment
0 ||| This flick fails in every aspect. The plot is jibberish. The acting non-existant. The special effects laughable. The action still-lifed. Ranks up there with CAPTAIN AMERICA for worst comic book movie of all time. DAREDEVIL was better than this mess, and that's saying a lot. If you enjoy good comic book films (even the smaller, independant type), avoid this tripe at all costs. If you like the darker, more violent heroes watch the excellent BLADE again and revell in the fact that good, bloody horror/action films still need writitng and acting to entertain. FAUST: LOVE OF THE DAMNED is so damned bad it qualifies as anti-entertainment.
4 ||| Wasn't sure if this product would keep my bandages dry while showering the 2 weeks after foot surgery,but it did. It has to be secured properly to prevent any leakage but it was perfect. I was able to shower with little concern. It held up very well, it will be available for use in the future (if needed). Also, it arrived very quickly after I placed my order.
3 ||| Spiderman 2 contains a lot of action and excellent special effects. The movie starts off where the first one left off: Spiderman is at the peak of his superhero status, and as with any peak, there is a fall in store. Spiderman gets fired; he is delayed in paying rent; and he's not doing that well in school; his love, MJ, thinks he's a flake. Well, he has a job to do. The choice is his -- continue to be Spiderman, or live the life of a regular guy? Initially, he chooses the regular guy status, but falls short. He later learns that his role is to be a superhero, which means sacrificing certain things that others take for granted, such as falling in love and marrying the girl of one's choice.
3 ||| I use these to watch TV when family is asleep. It works well most of the time. Sometimes, one day out of week, there is too much statics, clicking and hissing. Most of the days it's totally fine. Definitely not location-related. More like the weather of position of the Mars.I wouldn't listen to hi-end audio in these, but for TV it works great. And recharger base is nice and easy to use.
0 ||| I'm amazed at all the people who've given this three plus stars even though they've broken multiple units. They are decent, while they work, but for the price of three sets you could get something better to begin with. They are good for working out, but my first set broke after three months. I figured I'd be more careful with the second set, but they broke after 1 month. Both broke at the hinges, just like everyone else's. Now I'm out the money spent on those two sets and I have to invest more $$ in something decent that will last. These are garbage, save yourself the aggravation and buy something better.
3 ||| Would you make different decisions in your life given the opportunity? This questions forms the basis of a very original screenplay, along with a good dose of touching and humorous nostalgia. Not sure why it was not a hit. But then again, good story does not usually equate to box office success!
0 ||| I owned two waterpik shower heads of the previous model. One needed replacement. This newer version doesn't have the same pressure, intensity, or spray width. Having said that, it's an OK shower head. It has a narrower shower breadth than normal. Water either projects from the outside holes or the inside holes. Never get a constant stream from all holes...not designed that way. I removed the water saving device to increase pressure and noticed no difference. Wish they wouldn't have "upgraded". The newer model is definitely inferior.
3 ||| I was unaware this was not formatted for the USA, but after double checking after I received it, this WAS stated on their site, so it was my oversite. It arrived promptly and in excellent condition.
3 ||| Yes, it's a formula who-dun-it. But it's fun seeing Vincent Price before the mustache and pointed hat, and I'd forgotten what a beautiful woman Gene Tierney was. The accents are half the fun...And the music is great...
4 ||| Seems to be a real solid product. As long as it protects my equipment as advertised, I'll be happy. So far, so good.Wanted to mention that part of the reason I got this, was to be able to truly kill the power to all the things I have connected to it with just a flip of a switch. Electronics continue to use power even when they are supposedly turned off,and run up your power bill for nothing. Since I have been using this, my power bill has gone down noticeably. Good for me and good for the environment.
3 ||| Strawson's work reigned as the supreme example of Kant scholarship in English for several decades. It might have been ok for its time, but it offers the typical idealist interpretation of Kant, and attempts to separate the contents of Kant's Transcendental Aesthetic from his Transcendental Analytic, arguing that only the contents of the latter have merit. But the two sections play the similar roles in Kant's revolution and to wholly reject the aesthetic and not the analytic is, I believe, impossible. Strawson does not even take seriously the arguments of Kant's aesthetic, probably because he is English and the English always get nervous around the aesthetic. While one may still have to deal with this book if writing a paper on Kant, as Strawson is still held in fairly high regard, I would recommend this book only for one who is not familiar with the traditional idealist interpretations of Kant.
0 ||| I loved the previous and original 'Mummy' movies, but 'The Mummy Returns' is a complete insult to the audience. The overwhelming, annoying amount of special effects? (Do you remember the cheesy images of the Scorpion King at the end? What was he doing winking at the camera?) The plot that completely forgets that of the previous 'Mummy' movie? There are many actors in this movie with some great potential that spend the whole movie "acting" to the special effects? The only thing we are telling the Hollywood studios, by making this movie one of the highest-grossing of the year, is that we want computer special effects to take the place of real acting and story. If we quit wasting our money on terrible movies like this, Hollywood will realize that we are tired of stupid movies like this and start making real films again!I want two hours of my life back!
1 ||| My daughter got this today from the "Easter Bunny". Right from the start when assembling it the pieces will not stay together. Under no circumstances does this product stay assembled. Although we love Strawberry Shortcake, this product is not worth buying. I should have bought the Fisher Price Friendship Pony stable.
2 ||| Rodan in my opinion falls into a foriegn film with a good laugh. The concept is enjoyable, I can get into the story line, just to bad it was made at a time with no good special affects, a lot of these older films should be remade without changing the story line, just with better actors.
3 ||| Like many of the other reviewers there were special effects that were not as good as the Spielberg version. However, the film was still the best sci-fi telling of War of the Worlds. If you've seen the previous versions then you should definitely check this one out. I agree that there were not enough battles. However, the dialogue and character interaction was dramatic. As an ordinary film fan this War of the Worlds is mostly enjoyable.
0 ||| What a disappointment! There is very little in this book that merits even one star, but that's as low as I could find.Carcaterra knows virtually nothing of military tactics or equipment, and very little of the events in Naples that this book tries to portray.He is completely out of his element in writing this story, and anyone who has ever served in the military will be unable to finish the bookPerhaps Carcaterra should stay with the "Sleepers" theme, which he seems to know about.
2 ||| This DVD player lasted 11 months.The player worked great right up to the day it decided to stop working at all.Unfortunately as most people who bought this unit only 1 year ago are finding out when the warranty expires so does the DVD player.The player had loss of sound and LED display, which seems to be common for this unit after 1 year.
1 ||| My mother always told me you get what you pay for I bought this belt and buckle because I thought it was a great deal but upon receiving it my husband tried on the belt and the buckle imidiately bent due to the quality and the texture of the belt was just way to flimsy it will be a nice belt for special event but as far as hard work I wouldn't recommend this belt
2 ||| bought as part of christmas gift so havent opened it yet. I am hoping for the best. love this movie hope I am not disappointed
3 ||| Kelly Clarkson winner of AI One is truly an amazing tallent. Vocally, this CD is pleasing, and the songs, while some sound generic and alike, are very good.1. Trouble With Love Is 3.5/5 Not my favorite track, but good anyway2. Miss Independent 4.5/5 A fun, fresh and cool track :-)3. Low 4.5/5 One of my favorites!4. Some Kind of Miracle 3.5/5 Reminds me of Trouble With Love5. What's Up Lonely 3.5/5 Good, but is really a filler song6. Just Missed the Train 4/5 Excellent vocals!7. Beautiful Disaster 4/5 Really good!8. You Thought Wrong 4.5/5 A great track!9. Thankful Listen Listen 1/5 Really dull and boring vocals10. Anytime 5/5 Undoubtedly the best track! Kelly's voice is amazing!11. Moment Like This 3/5 Kelly won AI, but this song isn't really "A Winner" on THANKFUL12. Before Your Love 4.5/5 Great ending to a good debut!OTHER RECCOMENDATIONS: If you like Thankful you will also love her new album Breakaway, and Diana DeGarmo's Blue Skies!
1 ||| Yes, they are super thin. However, we found them way too small. They were uncomfortable for my husband to wear and spoiled all the fun. Stay away from these if you consider yourself "bigger." We've read great reviews about these and were really dissapointed. So... two stars.
4 ||| I really enjoyed this book. I was intrigued, first, by the premise - a hacker in the Vatican computer system, and a priest who goes to investigate. And while the book didn't always live up to its promise, and while it did sometimes lapse into the "trash novel" genre, I still thoroughly enjoyed the read. I enjoyed being transported to Seville, and I was half in love with Father Quart myself. I enjoyed Perez-Reverte's depiction of the characters - ok, they were a little overdone and more like caricatures, but they were vivid. I also thought the ending was well done; I appreciate that the author didn't tie everything up into a neat little "happy ending", which would have trivialized it.
4 ||| I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday. She loves putting the "fish" (balls with little fluttery fish inside) into the "bowl," and even loves playing with the balls by themselves. She giggles when it lights up and plays music.Unlike a lot of musical baby toys, the music this plays is someting that I can enjoy, too. It's not overwhelmingly loud and it doesn't sound like bad video game music. It's got a hip calypso thing going on and doesn't get on my nerves when I'm trying to work.I bought this for all the babies in the family for Christmas, and have gotten some very nice "Thank Yous" that said pretty much what I've written, here.
0 ||| This CD is just full of rockish country same old stuff. I really do not think clay makes a good pop star at all and this CD proves it.
4 ||| nothing else to say but just pop it in, move up the bass and treble, and find yourself a nice stretch of blacktop that runs along the water. trust me. don't forget, best tracks are TELL YOU from Disc 1, and CONJURE ONE - REDEMPTION (Max Graham Dead Sea Mix) from Disc 2. Buy it, add Hybrid and Underworld to that, and you can't go wrong!
1 ||| For what this tape costs I expected it to be better than duct tape, in my experience it is not. It is not waterproof as it quickly released when exposed to water and its adhesion was not very good.
4 ||| There has been a gradual dumbing down in the movies which Hollywood produces these days. It has gotten to the point where many of them are simply unwatchable. This movie is one of the few exceptions to this trend -- it is original, clever, and funny. The final scene is priceless! Although younger viewers should enjoy it as well, it is a must see for anyone who grew up during the Watergate era. It is a dirty shame that Dick was not a box office success, because it means that Hollywood will only subject us to more Steven Seagal movies and other such dreck.
0 ||| It was really easy to put the Squeem on, but once it was on I couldn't wait to get it off!! It wasn't too tight or anything. The problem was that once I stood up straight it bunched up in the hip/mid back area and pinched my skin! It was so painful! No matter how I positioned it, it would bunch up! Really disappointed since it was a waste of $50..
0 ||| I had an old Xantrex which I had for 3 years and used a number of times. The jack from the a/c plug corroded and wouldn't charge anymore. I figured maybe it was because I left it plugged in all the time. I bought this one in Oct 2007 and never used it except to see if the features were working. Now when it is plugged in the alarm keeps ringing all the time.I never should have come back for seconds. I see Sears has a die hard one.I am going to look into it. At least Sears backs their products.
2 ||| As a WWI aviation historian I was delighted to see a 21st century movie about aviation of this era. The acting and dialog was laughable to the point I turned the sound off. Although the accuracy of the few WW1 types of aircraft was spectacular the amount of them was far off the course of reality. This film would be excellent for using as back round flavor for a veteran pilot reunion.
0 ||| Less of a plot than the first movies. Fell asleep twice watching it, despite all the explosions....Seems like the writers may be running out of ideas
2 ||| This iPod dock works ok for newer iPods however it does not work for earlier generation iPods.
1 ||| The story is basically the same, but my family did not appreciate the art. It was a real turn off to us. It's a little hard to explain, but it just felt strange and distracting. It's not horrible, we just didn't like it. To each their own I guess.
0 ||| I couldn't agree more with the other negative reviews on this site. The depressions for the cubes are too small, resulting in the need to fill the trays to the top to get decent-sized cubes, and when you do so, the water runs everywhere and the lid freezes to the tray, making the tray frustratingly difficult to open. These trays are actually less functional and harder to use than the cheap plastic ones you can buy everywhere for under a dollar.
2 ||| This game is a little frustrating for any child who cannot yet associate a continent with the following clues: kroner, Ho Chi Minh trail, outback, Sahara. I had to help out more than either of us would have liked. On the other hand, it's fun, so she is motivated to try. And she is learning a lot!
4 ||| one of the greatest romantic films of all time, great for everyone of all age. i recommend everyone to watch it and again and again.
3 ||| the apple ipod 10 gb is alot better it is more classier for people that want one but want to save the 5 gb is right for them
2 ||| The A100 is discontinued and has been replaced by the A200 / A300. But it's still a solid entry-level camera. At one time you could land one at Best Buy in the $250 range. Definitely don't pay full price for one of these. Check eBay or Craigslist.
0 ||| This book is filled with recipes using brand-name adulterated products that contain large amounts of additives, preservatives, artificial flavors, colors, trans-fats, bland flavors and also cost a lot more then scratch foods.If you believe boiling potatoes, using fresh vegetables or measuring flour unthinkable, by all means this book is right up your alley....
2 ||| Card returns to the world he created in a very new style. The characters we fell in love with in Ender's Game, and those we commiserated with in Ender's Shadow, are in a new environment. And on the world scene,those characters seem to lose much of their charm. Whereas before they were geniuses among geniuses, outwitting each other through intellectual battles, here many "stupid" characters come into play. Personally, I was hoping for a biography of Peter Wiggin, playing cruelty and generosity off each other as situations provided to gain power. However, this is more a story of Bean and Petra, much like the old novels yet very different and somewhat "uncomforatable" in their new surroundings.
4 ||| i get laughs in church and at the store with this in my kids mouth. It is actually his favorite binky!
4 ||| This is a one to keep. Wonderfull story and plot. Full of dialogue between main characters with a sizzling romance. The plot keeps you turning the pages wanting more. Once again an excellent author.
4 ||| First off, I love John Mayer. You can have a whole relationship in just one of his CD's. Most of the songs featured on this live album are wonderful.That being said, whoever went to this concert ought to be shot. Did anyone at the concert actually listen to the music, or were all the women in the crowd just having a screaming contest. There are some really great renditions of John's songs that are completely ruined by the concert goers. Especially when John played Comfortable, a track from his independant release. This is one of the most beautiful songs ever written and he sings it soulfully, but you can't help but grit your teeth with every high pitched burst from the Estrogen set.Too bad. This could have been something special.
1 ||| There are 80s compilations such as this everywhere and they all seem to feature the same tracks. This one does have a few redeeming qualities some of the others do not, however. The first track, 'The Reflex' by the defining band of the 80s, Duran Duran, is the best track on the album, but the somewhat unexpected 'Talk Talk' and 'Echo Beach' are also great tracks of the synthpop movement. However, the god-awful 'Centerfold' and even worse 'Walking on Sunshine' hold it back. All in all...it's a barely more than mediocre album with predictable tracks, but all the same good for the nostalgia it will bring.
1 ||| I had to read this book for my English class and at first it was so boring! It about a young boy named Pip and he is trying to find his true indentity. At the end of the first phase he goes to London to become a "gentleman" because that is what his benefactor wants (Pip doesn't know his benefactor). At the end of the 2nd phase, he finds out who his benefactor is. Those two phases in the book are really boring, but I think it gets better in the end. If you read this book I suggest that you just start in the third phase because the rest is boring.
2 ||| My Hubby is a Croc fan, so bought this for him , so he could complete his Croc series..He liked the movie, so that is all that matters...
1 ||| I had seen a play with the same name. Because of the rapid action, I found it difficult to make sense of it. I ordered the original movie, hoping to learn what was significant about The 39 Steps. Because of the rapid action, British accents etc, I was not able to learn about The 39 steps.
4 ||| This compilation introduces the listener to many of the instruments, styles, and sounds of Persian music. Strings, woodwinds, percussion and vocals are all represented. The accompanying booklet is also very informative for those interested in the history and the theory of the music. This CD provides a glimpse into some of the world's most beautiful traditional music.
2 ||| I agree with the only other reviewer at this time, that most of the stories fall far short of typical good, steamy anthologies.Only the story of the ER doc and the Lifeguard was good, but I think it works only well as a short story.All in all I would reccomend the first 3 "Bad Boys"eries instead or "All Through The Night" which has the first of 3 stories by Lori Foster (the second two are played out in "I Love Bad Boys" and "I Brake for Bad Boys")
3 ||| A very real, raw and powerful account of living with Borderline Personality Disorder. It is extremely difficult for those who do not have the experience to truly understand the overwhelming hopelessness and utter despair when caught-up in the cycle. It is books like these that offer a glimpse into the dark nights of the soul of those who suffer. The labels are one thing, living it is something completely different. My gratitude to Rachel for her honest recount and my hope is that there will be more compassion and understanding for a mental state that is yet to be fully understood moreover, properly treated. The lesson for us all, let us not judge another until we have walked in his shoes and by then... we will have touched the deepest part of our humanity.
3 ||| now for me, i did not enjoy this one as much as the first one. everytime i hear this, i think of JINGLE JANGLE. it's like it's a cool vibe, but iu just don't dig it as much. it's not bad, but it's not good. now AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL is a wonderful first song. i can without NORTHSOUTHEASTWEST. WE BOYS with that group, leigon, was alright. other than that, listening to this makes me yearn for A WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING. still, i'd rather listen to this than unk or young joc or rick ross anyday. again, i guess i'm just an old-fashioned cat.
3 ||| A great beginner book on Buddhism and for fans of Star Wars like myself. My only gripe about this book was the extreme number of typos and one trivia error.
4 ||| This, I think is the best Wheel of Time book. It has a really wonderful story, and I couldn't put it down! I would especially like to comment on the chapter, The Grave is no Bar to my Call. That was so good, I swear I could actually feel the heros of the horn coming back! I think this book is the best of the Wheel of Time series, which must be very good because ALL the books are excellent. Robert Jordan is the most original and wonderful story teller I have ever read. His plot is confusing, but it altogether makes sense. The story is so intricate, but I still seem to be able to follow. I can't wait for Jordan to write more of the series!
1 ||| How many times have we painstakingly combed through our daughter's hair, getting through tangles, amongst "owws" and "that hurts?" Well, get ready for the worst hair disaster known to man, or woman, or child for that matter. I couldn't believe the state that Barbie's hair was in coming out of the box. It looks as if its been out on the lawn, in a fight with a stray cat, and then left for rats to build a nest in, oh, and then I bought it! The hair is a wiry, tangly, falling out mess! Combing the hair is much too involved for a "new" toy. It should come out of the box detangled and ready to use. This is rediculous. The makeup feature does not work well at all on her face, however the nails work fine. In spite of this, my daughter loves this toy. I would recommend something else though, if you have not already purchased this toy.
0 ||| Thank goodness this was a short book because it was a complete waste of my time. The story was boring and predictable but the worst thing is how VERY POORLY WRITTEN it is. It's like some high school kid wrote it. This Patterson guy needs some writing classes. There is no way I would go near another one of his books again. And I read constantly. Save your time and money on this one. It was terrible!
4 ||| Williams (Perry) is a homeless genius who lives in a fantasy world of Red Knights and King Arthur. Bridges is Jack, a radio personality whose career is destroyed after a listener acts out his advice. This tragedy brings Jack and his new homeless philosopher and friend together.There are many moments of joy, and heartbreak and romance. Fisher King is a wonderful movie for all to enjoy. Williams as always is brilliant. He will make you laugh, smile, cry and applaud. Bridges holds is own but Mercedes Ruehl is terrific! But the true star is film's message. The film is rated R for scene of nudity. Cover the kid's eyes for a few minutes and let them enjoy the rest of the film.
0 ||| man I feal sorry for the one who got theres for $66.00 i would hav given mine to him mine broke the same day i got it, and wal*mart wouldent give me a re-found becou i threw away the box and stuff...........................OVER-ALL, this cam, is dead wieght. I boght it to film skateing with me and my friends, and it F#$%ed up the same day I was the damn laghing stalk for the day. so..... take my advise and get the {Samsung Hi8&#153; Camcorder- SAM SCL906} for $299.00 at circut city or www.circutcity.com
1 ||| While she has a lot of good information (the list of contacts at the end are great), as a Catholic-Christian, married-father adopting from Guatemala, I did not like the single-mother, pro-homosexual slant of the book. It is NOT a handbook of how to adopt internationally. It is her story of adopting a girl from China. In writing the book, she talked to a lot of people who adopted from all over the world. Their stories are spread throughout the book and add a lot to the book. Overall, I was disappointed with the book and would not recommend its purchase.
2 ||| With great anticipation I bought this movie as it was on sale and the blue ray version to boot. Three disc set with digital copy, DVD, and Blu Ray disc. Ok, fine.Setting down to watch the wranglings of our fine, furry guinea pigs left me a tad overwhelmed. Yeah, it's got talking animals, yeah there are some funny moments, and yes there was a plot....sort of. This movie could have been so much more but gets bogged down by it's own hype. Kids will more than likely be attracted to this due to the talking animals. As an adult I was attracted to it as I was hoping to see something really funny. Perhaps the gag lines were held in check as they meant for this to be more for kids than adults. All-in-All, this movie was just OK, nothing great and kids older than 12 or so might find it a little boring as well. It's worth viewing but not buying. Save it for a rainy weekend and when nothing else is on the ol' tele!!
4 ||| When you look back on something from your childhood and remember how absolutely spectacular it was to rush home evey afternoon to see your favorite cartoon, then revisit it in adulthood, more often than not you may be disappointed.Transformers the Movie still delivers, from its theme song to the death of your favorite characters. This was a great purchase.
2 ||| This item is rated for 3-7 years old. However with this age group it does not automatically run when placed in the CD Drive. This make it impossible for the younger this age group is to use on their own. It seems an auto run command should be used on software used for children to provide them with hassle free use of the product.If it does't run what use is it no matter who the writer is. I have Windows 2000.
2 ||| I needed a new connector for a Battery Tender cable.I cut the bad connector off the Battery Tender cable, cut this extension in half, and spliced the half onto the Battery Tender cable.Inexpensive repair.
4 ||| Coppola and Corman...what could be better than this. Also, you will notice that certain aspects (e.g. the eerie music and the say that we have a kid mudering his sister) of John Carpenter's HALLOWEEN seemed to have been copied from this Coppola film.
3 ||| My concern while purchasing this fan was air flow. Needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime. Needed something that could create alot of air movement to suck in the cool air at night, and something that could be aimed at me could cool me off during the day, and this fan achieves that for it's lower price. Box fans are great, place then in a window and they'll cool a room down in no time. It is not a quiet fan like the ultra quiets on the market today but it is not as loud as those turbo jet fans. It has a normal good size fan noise that I don't find irritating. Other than that, you really don't need the foot attachments. I placed on the desk, turned on high and it did not fall over. So, to conclude it is a good solid fan for a reasonable price when your main concern is air flow.
4 ||| This book is a jem. I very much recommed this book who has trancended the intellect to see intellect as a car so important to operate correctly. Perhaps best for advanced Jungian like minded souls and those touched by God (ie handicap of some kind inducing infused knowledge)or those not yet having yet heard the call to life.
3 ||| I purchased this book as a brand new knitter looking to learn from a book. I was attracted to it because of the cover art, the fact that the book can be freestanding, and the beautiful photographs of the stitches inside. I also liked the look of the designs of the patterns. I won't say this is a horrible book, because it does have some good qualities, but it is not for beginners, as it does not provide detailed explanation in most of the patterns. I also found some errors in some of the patterns, which I thought were on my part, but I went to a knitting store and asked the owner and she said it was not my error, but the book's. The sock pattern, in particular, will make a sock, but with a very awkward feel and fit. I think these patterns are much more suited to the intermediate knitter who can catch an error before it is too late. That being said, I do wish more pattern books were free standing like this one--it made life easier.
0 ||| Yes, I read it in one or two sittings as I did with Child's other books. He has the talent for making me do that.But the book was annoying because it lacked any semblance of credibility. I'm not a huge FBI fan, but the way Child has it violate Reacher's rights is beyond anything it would (or could) do. And give us a break: let the guy take a shower and a nap and change his clothes while traveling without sleep from East Coast to West and back again about four times in a week.Finally, the book also contains the kind of minor mistakes that add up to strained credibility. You do not take the Palisades Parkway to the Garden state. They run parallel. And Fort Dix is not a Marine base. It's Army, unless it's changed since I served there in the '60s. There are a few others, too.
4 ||| This film was very good. It was better than most that are coming out nowdays. It is not "The Matrix" or anything, but it is very good, and it's fun, and that's cool.
2 ||| This cost-effective metal male coupler does a fine job for repairing a hose, or making multiple shorter hoses from a longer one you no longer need. The screws do a fine job of holding the coupler on the hose tightly. They have none of the problems with minimum cost plastic couplers that may strip when tightened enough to stop a leak or come off the hose when pulled across your lawn.
1 ||| The stories themselves are, of course, beyond reproach. And the value of all four novels and all the short stories for under a buck is ridiculous. However, the number of typos here is outrageous, and it's particularly off-putting here because of the exquisite craft of the writing. There were several instances in the first few stories I read where a series of typos changed the meaning of the story, causing me to go back and re-read. The exact kind of irritating experience I don't want when I'm reading purely for pleasure. Why can't someone simply proofread and correct the Kindle version before it's published? I am sure they've sold a thousand Kindle versions of this book. If Amazon charged $1.49 instead of $.99, they could pay some smarty-pants grad student $500 to proofread and I bet they'd have lost very few sales. Instead, I find myself once again reluctant to purchase any book written before the Kindle era.
3 ||| I bought this printer two weeks ago and had it up and running within minutes of unpacking. When I first bought this PC I feared the two most commonly documented problems,paper jams and printer driver problems/OS problems, but to date I have not experienced either and the quality is as good as the laser printers I use in the office. The only thing I dislike about this printer is the high cost of replacement cartridges so I am hoping someone will deveolpe a refill kit similiar to the one I used with my old Canon BJC 250, which worked great...
2 ||| This book is helpful and provides a plethora of information, but it is bound to offend Arizona natives, because of its blatant diregard for spelling of some of our most beloved places and plants. Charles A. Wells goes to great lengths to provide details about trails, but somehow forgets to CQ the spelling of such Sonoran words as Saguaro which he repeatedly spells "Suguaro." He also gets the name wrong for one of our most lovely locales: Chiva Falls, which he spells "Chivo Falls." I hope that in future editions of this book he will respectfully correct such errors. I would gladly offer my services as copy editor for any future endeavors at a reasonable rate.
1 ||| I had high hopes for this product after the Rabbit Habit's beads froze the first time I used it. I thought the way the beads were set in this product would be better and it was, BUT...the material is so stiff that the action of the bunny ears actually HURT my clit! None of the softness and thus realistic tongue like action of the Rabbit Habit. That's really the point, isn't it? It just poked me, along with the hard little nose, which also hurt. Cheap, but a waste of money.
2 ||| A case can be made for Mrs Le Guin being seen to be the most important woman writer in English in the second half of the Twentieth Century. A review I read here which compared her to Ayn Rand is not only to insult her intelligence and wit, but to demean her style.I admit to a personal interest in Mrs le Guin's Speculative Fantasist (SF) vision, since I am myself an Anarchist. Indeed, I had never seen the sub-title "An Ambiguous Utopia" until I read this page. I do not think that the book fits into the "Utopia/Dystopia" tradition, but then, le Guin may be taking the Mickey out of us as she so often does.There is no other book, fictional or otherwise of which I am aware (with the possible exception of Orwell's "Homage to Catelonia") that so clearly demonstrates the practicality of Anarchism as a political philosophy. Indeed, I have lost count of the number of copies of the book that I have given away for this reason alone.
4 ||| "I,the Jury" is a must read for any mystery fan. The first 1947 Mickey Spillane novel introduces the most celebrated P.I. in mystery history, Mike Hammer. This is an action packed novel that shows, for the first time, a Private Investigator that takes things personally and deals out his own kind of justice. Powerful with a surprise ending.
2 ||| I am open minded enough to see where some people would enjoy this. I'm a fan of dark comedy, but I need a little more kindness and a little less indifference and a little more depth and humanity than the Sedaris family exhibits. Fans of the movies "Happiness"and "Welcome to the Dollhouse," would probably enjoy Sedaris. I find him interesting, but depressing. I did laugh hysterically at the 6-8 black men story. That was a big relief after the selfish, sad lives I kept reading about before that story came up about 2/3 of the way into the book.
0 ||| I find it incredible that anyone could take this badly directed, badly scripted piece of historical revision seriously. Even if you ignore the homophobic, paranoiac re-writing of facts, the film seems to be the work of an over enthusiastic college student. No, make that junior high school. Agonizingly bad writing, self-indulgent acting . . . Oliver Stone used to be a decent film maker, but I wish he would just get his frustrations out on an analyst's couch and leave the rest of us in peace.
4 ||| This is one of the most twisted, yet edge of your seat movies I've ever seen. Chistopher Nolan is now one of my favorite directors of all time after watching this SPELLBINDING flick! It truely is a masterpiece for our generation of TWIST AND TURN movies.
4 ||| This is the best single cup brewer on the market! I can't say enough great things about it. Three different friends came over after I got it for dinner, and now each one of them has one of their own! LOL. Coffee is great ([...]), hot chocolate, white hot chocolate, English Breakfast tea, and the best choices for coffee you could ask for. (The most important part to me!!!)
3 ||| This film is well-made, and rather interesting, but for one who has seen both versions of that film (the second from 1956 starring James Stewart and Dorris Day), this film contains all the symptoms of lack of experience as a director that Hitchcock tried to avoid when he chose do remake it. The famous climax scene (during a concert in the Royal Albert Hall) is too short to fulfill the tension and horror that the main actress, Edna Best, experiences. Also the attempts to save the child that has been kidnapped, by firing at Peter Lorre, the bad guy, and eventually the success in invincing him, are mediocrately put. It seems that Hitchcock has left the ending as it is just to show the spectators that everything is back to normal. He could have cut the last 20 minutes, and thus leave us with a "gout d'encore".
3 ||| This game is a huge improvement from AoE 1 in graphics and gameplay. The troops are smarter and line up smart (like longrange weapons in the back) and they line up in formations. But its the same concept as AoE 1, attack, defend and build larger armies. The AI (artificell intelligence) is quite stupid and you can fool him easily. But still its a good waste of time.
4 ||| A decent item for a decent price. Each 'day' has 2 chambers, 1 for day and 1 for night. This comes in handy as I have to take meds then. They're easy to put in your pocket if you travel too.
0 ||| I like alot of music but this I dont.I dont even think this should be called music.Every song sound the same.This cd is plain horribal.Dont buy it unless your on the highschool football team so you can fit in with the other jocks.
0 ||| Okay, I gave this book two tries. Not one, but two. A friend of mine in high school recommended it, so I bought it. Tried reading it, didn't get very far, and back onto the shelf it went.Fast forward about eight or so years, find me sorting through my books, and Last of the Mohicans was rediscovered. I believe I got about 200 pages into it over the course of 2 1/2 weeks, and bleh, I just can't force myself to read this any more. It is very seldom that I won't finish a book, even one I don't like, but I just can't get through this one.For the first 200 pages, the characters are shallow and uninteresting. The women are gentle and reserved and know their places, and the men are violent and love to shoot things. The plot can basically be summarized this way:-- Hack through forest.-- Make racist statements.-- Kill some people.-- Repeat.Maybe it gets better on page 201. I don't know. But this one is going in the Goodwill box.
3 ||| "the stranger" is OK, more, a great novel. However, i expected more form a nobel prize. In a book labeled as "existentialist", (as this one) the book quality is strongly related to the personality of the main character. That's beacuse most of the book is composed by thoughts of the protagonist or his feelings towards somebody or something. Meursault (this book's main character) is complex and interesting, however, in my opinion is far from reaching the deepness of other famous characters such as Dostoievsky's Raskolnikov; Hesse's: Emil Sinclair or Harry Heller; or even the one from Sabato's "the tunnel". Meursault is portrayed as somebody who doesn't have much feelings towards anybody or anything. Inside him there are no internal conflicts or doubts or questions about something. That's Ok, Camus makes it interesting anyway...Good book, definetely worth reading, but forgetable in some degree.
2 ||| The United States and Canada have the world's largest border and trading relationship and so they share a long history of trade relations. Any college-level collection strong in Canada history in general and US-Canada relations in particular thus needs Canada and the United States: Ambivalent Allies, a 4th updated edition extensively rewritten and updated to reflect new scholarly arguments and discoveries on the nature and analysis of cultural, economic and political developments.Diane C. DonovanCalifornia Bookwatch
4 ||| Just to let you know, I'm not a huge fan of war movies. I checked out this classic film for the very first time and I was totally mesmerized with the dark character study of a war film. The acting was top-notch, the story very moving, and the settings of the film very wonderful. "Apocalypse Now" is one of those films where it will stay with you for a very long time after the ending of the film.
4 ||| Louanne Pig is ecstatic when she receives a Valentine's Day card from a secret admirer. However, she is now faced with trying to un-mask her admirer, so she can thank him in person. After all, having a secret admirer is very exciting. So Louanne sets out on her quest to find her admirer, but it's harder than it looks, and Louanne keeps hitting dead ends. Now she'll never know who her secret admirer is.Nancy Carlson has done a wonderful job of creating an adorable Valentine's Day book for young readers, in which they can identify with the character. Her short, yet sweet prose on each page is easy-to-understand, and her lovely illustrations depict what is going on perfectly, making it easy for even the youngest reader to know what is going on. This is a splendid new book for children, that will make a lovely present, whether it's given on Valentine's Day, or any other day of the year.Erika SoroccoBook Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspaper
2 ||| Wonderful premise and the allusions to Fatherland are apt. However, the love story seemed obligatory, at best, and the events at the end which led to the invasion being called off were far too insignificant not to logically have been ignored by the would-be invaders.
1 ||| I loved Nelly Furtado's cd Folklore. But what I used to love about Nelly Furtado was that she prided herself in her music... not bumping and grinding with Justin Timberlake. Why does nearly every single famous female feel the need to suddenly become a sex image? She's a gorgeous girl and she doesn't need to sport a baby tee to prove it. For that reason alone, I can't see myself purchasing her cd despite her talent in music.
3 ||| I don't know why happy totally flopped since it was like 50 million times better than foolish.Personally, I thought it was a fun,feel-good song with cool beats.
4 ||| Julie London sings with strings, and an orchestra arranged and conducted by Andre Previn, this moody album's highlights include the ultimate version of Makin Whoopee, and a breathtaking beautiful version of "When I Fall In Love." London sounds inspired and in a romantic mood, never have her velvety vocals sounded so delicious. An added extra is Calendar Girl another 50's LP is included on this two lp's on one CD, Calendar Girl is a concept album with a song for each month of the year, cute huh..., the price of the cd is worth it alone for Your Number Please and the cover art work for Calender Girl.
4 ||| While this is not the greatest Montgomery Clift film, the English subtitles in this edition make this DVD fantastically entertaining. They range from slightly inaccurate to side-splittingly funny, and make this a must-have.
0 ||| I didn't like the video. How could all Joseph's brothers be of a different race? Are we trying to be politically correct or WHAT? Also I wish Donny had kept his shirt on. I was turned on by his hairy chest. I have seen this performed twice by groups other than Donny and co. and enjoyed it so much more. Give it up Donny!!
3 ||| I enjoyed it very much particularly the written skills in describing the characters and the crime scenes. However, I was not convinced about the ending since it did not explain about why Temple Gault was challenging Dr.Scarpetta. Perhaps a book on his adolescent and how he develops an emotional attachment to Kay would be interesting.
4 ||| I heard a review of this book on NPR and it BLEW me away! A totally reviting story--and imagine it's based on a true event! I was captivated by this book--its theme, its characters, its sense of drama, EVERYTHING! I would highly recommend this book to any avid reader!
0 ||| I have actually not yet had the paper feed issue like the rest of the reviewers, but this product has been horribly implemented. I have continually had issues with attempting to install the 160+ MB driver and HP Solution Center software on multiple different computers running different Operating Systems. The scanner is about worn out, as it makes a horrible grinding noise when scanning which started to occur within months of the purchase. HP used to be known for their great quality in printers, but this is unfortunately no longer the case. Do Not Buy.
0 ||| The most boring story I ever read, The story of a crazy woman his sex maniac sister and the ape of her husband. All is surrounded by the tipical sexim of William's plays. Don't waste your money
0 ||| this would be a great mp3 player if only it could work propely, ive had 3 of these players & have had to send each of them back within a day after recieving them for various reasons.doesnt this company check there products before they ship them out?i think that they should.for the few minutes that it was working though it sounded great.
3 ||| One of those stories that you know the gist of, but don't know where it came from. Or, like me, you associate it with the old Bugs Bunny episode -- which in fact captures some essential details of the story. Worth reading and re-reading; the more you read it the deeper you'll follow it into the depths of human nature. The creepy part of nature. The places in the basement you usually avoid because of the darkness and rats and monsters.
3 ||| This a very enjoyable film as long as you don't think too hard about it. It is your classic 70's campy feeling film about a couple of Brigands. (Its okay to take off and go on a crime spree because of the Great Depression and those nasty banks)But if you stop and think about it, the trail of destruction and death they left behind them, you sober up real fast. That is why I always like the ending with the ambush of these two. Frankly they deserved it in real life. Altogther a great cast and a great movie.
0 ||| I borrowed this from a friend and am shocked at how much I despise this movie. If you are impressed by a black and white movie containing red dresses -or- beds, than by all means. But if you are person who sees movies for PLOTS and character development, RUN AWAY.It disturbs me that the person I borrowed it from also lent me the TRUE work of art "Sky Captain" and implied this had similar magic is a sort of unconventional manner.... well it doesn't. Sin City didn't fool me.
3 ||| I guess I'll begin with an admission. I moderately enjoyed the film when I first saw it even though I went to see it with someone who really didn't like it. But then a strange thing happened. Usually after I see a "worthless" film, I forget it within a week. However this did not happen with Constantine. I found myself thinking of some of the scenes even weeks after seeing the film. So it is a film that has stuck with me, and that indicates it has something special. I gather from the reviews that it appears to be a love it or leave it movie. I would be interested if the movie has "stayed with" any of the "leave it" group. For me, however, I have slowly fallen in the "love it" category, and I'm looking forward to the DVD.
2 ||| I have been looking for a book for my children to share thorugh illustrations and imagination the stories of my childhood when it came to the Legend of the Old Befana. I found this to be the closest so far yet it does not follow through on the tradion that follows the Befana each year in Italy. It did not captivate my our my son and I found myself having to more explaining than sharing The drawings are nice though.
1 ||| purchased two of these. one unit worked good for about an hour the static electricity made it go up in flames. the second unit will only produce sound from the left or right channel at different levels. it will not balance out even with the balance nob.
2 ||| This book is pretty good, except it is definitely very advanced. It was very confusing, especially the "TV family" which I did not understand at all. It is more of an adult book.
3 ||| Had to wait for a while for product due to it being out of stock but it eventually came. Was very happy with it.
4 ||| Before i used this product, I had thrown away several half-bottles of nice wine because the oxygen had turned it. I don't buy the most expensive wines out there but its still disappointing when the wine that was so good just a few days ago is off. I recommend it!
2 ||| It seems that now that we know the risks associated with the depiction of smoking characters for the youngest of readers it might be a good idea to limit the exposure to Santa as having a pipe and smoking in the middle of the Moore's living room. Is it okay to change a classic and a much loved poem if it means helping children wellbeing ? I think it is important and not a difficult change to make.
4 ||| I did not like this movie at first. I'm only 15, so at first I didn't understand it. I'm David Bowie's biggest fan so I watched it again. The more you watch it, the easier it is to understand.I like it more each time I watch it. I would encourage only Bowie ang Roeg fans to purchase this film.
0 ||| THE FULL MONTY is a movie buff's test of credibility. It doesn't have the suspense to carry on as a drama. If it is a comedy, the film is a one joker. It is predictable to the nth. Scene A: We're off, we're going to get going with our nude revue--oh! oh! there is a problem that we have to sort out with one of the guys who is going to back out of dancing in the nude and that's funny! Scenes B,C,D etc. : Same as Scene A with a different guy ad predictalitum. What ever happened to those good British comedy story writers who gave us Wrong Box and Ladykillers?
0 ||| I don't understand what people saw in this movie. I bought the movie because it was cheap and I was looking for a good horror movie to add to my collection because I am a big fan of the genre. However, the movie itself was a huge disappointment. It was very slow moving, not scary and overall, the plot was weak. It basically is about a mass murdering other worldly person named Micheal Myers who goes around and slaughters people for no reason but to kill. Not only are there not many kills but hardly anything happens in this movie and it was just very boring. There was almost no action except for the final encounter at the end. Critics said this was one of the best and most scariest horror movies made. They were dead wrong. To name anything positive about the film, I liked Micheal Myers theme song but that's it.
4 ||| When she sings 'get up, get out, do something'. In fact it has become a mantra of sorts. Macy Gray's music, like the music of Cree Summer and of Erykah Badu, is vital sustenance for the female spirit...I hope Macy is planning to be around for a long time, because she has made a new fan. Go girl!
0 ||| I love nelly furtado, honestly i do, but somewhere along her journey to making this album something very drastic happened. she missed her way, the album is as unforthcoming as possible. it sucks big time!!!, i bought it and now im giving it away. no words can truly describe how bad this album is. please save ur money and buy something more useful...
1 ||| The author expresses his oppinion about preachers and teachers from the beginning of the book however he doesn't seem to distinguish that it is men only who are called to be preachers and teachers therefore a person who believes this idea has a cheap ideal of christ and his headship and between male and female which is a shame.
0 ||| Purchased this a couple of months ago, first few times I used, the belt came off. Took bottom plate off and put belt back on. Used several more times, and each time the belt came off. Contacted customer service and they said this was a "design flaw" and the belt keeps slipping. Advised to turn the belt inside out and it should work better. They also were going to send me replacement belts, since the belt slipping off all the time was going to cause it to wear out faster. 2 months later and still don't have the replacement belts. Called customer service again and asked what the next option was, explained I wasn't happy with this and was tired of not being able to make it through one room without the belt coming off 3 times. Customer service not much help and didn't offer any solutions other than we'll try to send you another belt.I assumed being a Hoover that it would work well and have good customer service......don't bother. I am returning this tonight and buying a Eureka!
0 ||| I've been using these glasses for 6 months and love them for casual wine drinking. They're great in that they go right into the dish washer with no problems and look beautiful coming out every time.I recently decided to expand the collection a little bit, and ordered eight more. The purchase went through Wine Enthusiast, and I wasn't expecting any issues since I've purchased directly from them in the past. However, and I thought you all might find this entertaining, a rather thin box showed up today and was not in great shape. I picked it up to the sound of raining glass shards inside. Upon opening the box, I found both tubes (each holding 4 glasses) almost completely smashed. I've gotten the occasional broken glass in a shipment before, but this is the first time I've received an entire box of broken glass. :-) Time to go talk to Wine Enthusiast about their shipping practices.
1 ||| Anyone else think it's hilarious that they have this imaginary group nu stylz? I mean, it's nsync, everyone can tell (right?). Well, about this CD, I wouldn't reccomend it. If you're an nsync fan you HAVE all these songs. Although it is only five bucks, so if you like these songs but don't have their album it's worth it. Hope it helps. Don't you think it's weird though, nu stylz, nsync... weird.
0 ||| This movie was not the least bit scary. The effects where lame and the story line was weak. The ending also made no sense whatsoever. That is why it desearves 1 star
0 ||| Men hate bitches. What Sherry fails to understand is that if a woman has to play the games she suggests in this book, perhaps she should be searching for a better man. I have spoken to women who have enjoyed this book and have taken the message to heart. These women have real problems finding a quality man and holding on to them. This book empower a woman's stupidity
0 ||| This product is no better than a poor standard VHS transfer - Grainy & poor sound - Total Disappointment for a great film
4 ||| I stumbled upon this movie the weekend of the 4th of July.. since then I have watched it a dozen times and was fortunate to find the cd (music).. What a treat, the more I watch the movie-the more it eats into my heart..The characters play out their roles with poignancy and passion..This is my choice movie for 2003, last year it was Billy Elliott..
1 ||| I have a number of Xantrex products and have found them to be good quality. I cannot say the same for thier product support. I have a Powersource 1800 that shorted out. It is less than 2 years old (20 months). It is out of warranty. I am willing to pay to have it repaired. They will NOT repair it or sell parts for it. The best they will do is sell me another unit at 30% off list. I was informed by customer suppoer that they do not repair products that are out of warranty. So beware buying Xantrex(aka Scnieider Electric), Durucell branded Xantrex products, and APC(a Schneider Electric company). Once they are out of warranty, if something happens to the you can throw them in the trash heap.
4 ||| I have a Moka Express pot that was my great grandmother's from about 50 years ago and decided to try to use it. The gasket and filter were corroded and falling apart. I found this replacement set and took a chance and ordered it. The gaskets and filter are original-equipment quality and fit perfectly.
3 ||| I certainly enjoyed watching Dirty Dancing over. The special features are nice. Lots of memory. The only thing is there are no interview with Patrick Swayze...really strange...
4 ||| I think that "A Philadelphia Catholic in King James' Court" was a entertaining and educational book. The book is about a boy named Michael who moves to Kentucky after his father dies. In Kentucky he is astounded to see so many fundamentalists, where in Philadelphia he had seen so many Catholics like himself. While living in Kentucky, Michael learns many things about the Fundamentalist Christians, as well as his own religion, Catholicism. His Uncle continually challenges Michael about his religion and tries to convert him to a Fundamentalist. This book was very interesting and worth the while. This was one of the best apologetics novels I've ever read.
4 ||| I find that trying to get into genealogy is fairly easy & fun, but you can spend an enormous amount of time just getting started unless you have some guidelines. Where do you look for certain records; how do you find old Uncle Joe's third wife; etc? Even with helpful books such as the Idiots Guide, you will still find yourself spending lots of time searching through records, but at least you're being more productive because there are lots of hints & shortcuts. It's a great book to use along with an ancestry site.
2 ||| Well I was very happy when I saw amazon bring this to the unbox page. I bought the first episode. The animation was on que, but that's where the good part of this stops. The Dubbing (audio track) was not synced up correctly. It was a bit embarassing when I went to show a friend of mine about Eureka 7, and the flaps nor action sequences matched the screen. And I do remember when it first aired on Adult Swim, the fact that they matched up. In a way I'd like to be offered by amazon a chance to only re-download the corrected synced copy since I had already purchased my copy from them. Outside of this I'm happy with the product.
2 ||| Its supporters call it an avant-garde masterpiece, its detractors call it horribly unlistenable, and the truth is probably somewhere in between. White Light/White Heat, more than any other of its time, points ahead to the punk movement in New York that was just around the bend. But this album is more crafted than a Ramones album, there are more ideas amidst the ferocity than most punk albums that would emerge in the 70s.This album stands out even more when compared to the music that was popular at the time. A far cry from the hippie movement that was so predominant at the time, this album certainly stands out as the ugly duckling of the 60s. But perhaps it are these differences that make the album still sound so fresh 35 years down the line.If you like your music raw, with ragged edges and everything hanging out, you will probably appreciate the intensity of this album.
1 ||| Comparing the Exorcist to this movie is like comparing Laurence Olivier's Hamlet to Godzilla versus Mechagodzilla. Interesting that so many people applauded Gabriel Byrne's portrayal of Satan. How would they know? Perhaps this movie appeals to satanists. One particularily disturbing scene has Satan apparently urinating on the streets of New York. This would explain a lot if you've ever been there. Two stars for some mildly amusing special effects
1 ||| Not much to say... it's Frankenstein. The chapters are arranged oddly (in a series of books rather than ongoing chapters.Personally didn't like the story... Frankenstein's monster's actions are questionable and everything is overdramatized. Ah well; that's the old style of writing for ya. Not exactly a "horror" book to me...
1 ||| I found this book less than substantial. It seemed to jump around with no real focus. For example, she cut off her hair - so what. I understand the history of black women and hair very well. Yet this is 2003 and this story angle goes nowhere.What a undefined character. I had a hard time figuring out what she was going through. She was convinced she was right about Clint yet that aspect was never fully developed. She harrassed everyone about seeming injustices with no real basis.She meets a man on a plane and a short time later she is in love. What happened in between?I did not enjoy this rambling story.
0 ||| After seeing the stage production, I had great hopes for this DVD and was eagerly looking forward to Dolby Digital 5.1. It turns out that the 5.1 encoding is so poor that the only way to listen to it is analog Dolby Pro Logic. In chapter four for example, the brothers and narrator are center stage but only the narrator's voice comes out through the center channel - the brothers are "lost" in the left and right channels. This is not the case with analog decoding. Also, 5.1 levels are a good 10-15 db below where they should be and 10 db below the analog. This is the poorest 5.1 mix I have ever seen.This was so bad that I sent the first DVD back and Amazon graciously exchanged it for another. The second was just as bad.If you have a Dolby Digital, don't bother, unless you want to use the analog channel.
4 ||| Words can not even explain how hot this was. When it came out opening day I went to see this, and like other reviewers Harry potter rocks .UNBELIVEVABLE the action , the tragedy, and the comedy.Voldemort came back worse than he did in the first movie HARRY AND RON argued non stop and Cedric dicgory dies.James and Lydian potter got to speak with harry really touching.The best parts were the 3 tasks ,the dance, and the final confrontation between harry and voldemort or is it.
4 ||| Gods and Kings is a good book for gaining insight into the politics of kings and priests in the years after David took rule. Austin does a good job of telling us how it could have happened. It's also nice to see how prophets could have influence on both the courts and people.I like stories to be more descriptive than this, one but Gods and Kings does help this Old Testament period come alive.
4 ||| I purchased this book originally in 1980 for my ex- husband. He was an overweight guy (26years of age) Very unhappy with himself because of his weight. He had tried several diets but to no avail. This book changed his life. He regained his confidence, got back his sex appeal and now 19 years later is still going strong. My new partner needs to trim a little so I am repurchasing the book for him. I will go on the diet with him (not because I need to lose weight- but purely for the fun of going on it with him.) The food variety is great.Well worth the investment!!!
4 ||| Okay. I am 13yrs old..and I have watched this movie since I was 2 EVERY day. When this comes on DVD(IF, OF COURSE IT WILL!!)I am getting it and taking it everywhere..MAN OH MAN This is a great movie..Think of it as a real movie with robots only animated. Most of my favorite characters died..but of course this came last after the real series..then the cartoon show that took place right after the movie..think of Transformers as a never ending universe...5 stars. Great. BUY IT! Best movie ever!
1 ||| If I had friends and family like Min, I would have told them where to go long ago. I found it hard to believe that a 33 yr. old female put up with so much from them.I usually love most of Crusie's books but this was not a favorite. I didn't like most of the characters and thought they were nuts.
2 ||| Perhaps this was "on the edge" years ago - now it is just a very slow read. The main character needs to grow up.
4 ||| This is a brilliant film. Lola the played by Franke Potente is a Red Haired (not natural if you know what I mean)freaky type who gets a call from her boyfriend Manny who is frantic telling her he lost a bag of money that he was taking to Renni a bald headed cimminal type. He states he has 20 minutes to get the money to Renni or he is a dead man. Lola tells him to stay where he is and she rushes out of her home to find $100,000 or is it in Deustch Marks? Anyway this is a very clever story that takes place in real time. So you may be thinking if the movie takes place in real time does it only last for 20 minutes? HMMM, you will have to see the film. The highest recommendation. I would watch it w/o subtitles first then watch it with subtitles. German film 5 plus stars No need to watch it before you buy it. It is easily worth the money
4 ||| The woodland creatures of Mossflower have been under the rule of Verdauga for many years until the day his evil daughter, Tsarmina kills him and takes over the throne. She plans to make the woodlanders her slaves and treat them cruelly and ruthlessly. But, when a brave young mouse,named Martin the Warrior comes to Mossflower the woodland creatures realize he is their only hope. This is a great story and I think it's better than Redwall but maybe that's because I read this book before Redwall. A definite must-read!
4 ||| CARRIE is an absolute classic. It was the first book by King that I ever read and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I passed my copy on to my good friend, Leah who devoured it in a few days, and went on and on about it when she returned it to me. Carrie White is a seemingly innocent schoolgirl who is constantly tormented by her cruel peers and her strange mother. Carrie holds a power inside her that comes purely from anger and hate. Her mother, Margaret White, has a very strange view of Christianity...forcing Carrie to go into a small closet and pray for forgiveness after events as innocent and simple as her first period. Carrie finally gets a break when Tommy Ross asks her to go to the Prom. Little does she know that her hateful classmates are planning a surprise for her. Innocent teenager, or demonic prophet of Satan...Carrie will make you shudder.
2 ||| I graciously give Tom Clancy 3 stars for this effort only because he is Tom Clancy. This particular effort lacks his authenticity and believablitity so apparent in his other works. The story line has crisis after crisis always ending with the good guys killing the bad guys leaving the white hats with nary a scratch on them. Only one episode leaves any of our good guys with a hair on their head harmed. Mr. Clancy does his homework and usually packs a devastating punch with his reality and authenticity. I was disappointed with his work but still call him the master. I look forward to his next effort.
4 ||| these knives are so sharp & cut through everything wonderfully. the scissors are great also! love the color...just one of the best purchases ive made lately! would highly recommend them to anyone that needs a basic knife set!! they are great!!!
4 ||| All right, I said it. I liked this film, it was cute. Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock have great chemistry. Yet there have been A LOT of "Cute" films that have come out that all have the same sort of plot. Two people work together and fall in love. Take Alex and Emma for example. You might just want to stick to renting this one instead.
4 ||| I may be 18 now but I grew up on this movie and the soundtrack is a great addition to any cd library
3 ||| This book freaked me out as a child, and gave me nightmares. I love to read, and this is one of the few books that I hate, even to this day. I'm sure if I read it again, I would get more out of it, but I can't bring myself to do it!
0 ||| Wrong adapter, not satisfied with order at all!!!!Was supposed to get an adapter for us-everywhere else but got opposite
4 ||| But this book is absoulutely amazing I can';t put it down! infact its in front of me now! People who love books you can't put down and love the feeling of sheer terror I really sugest this book! It is broken up into pieces so you surely won't try and skip through and read the ending! You can't miss a word of it! READ IT! I love it! I'm going to read it over and over! It's that good!
4 ||| This is the first book in the series and is well enough written to entice you to read the others
4 ||| Very well designed CD changer that works. It's design also makes it easier to use. The best I've had.
0 ||| Let's be frank: This is a terrible movie. Racial stereotypes, as one might expect from 1943, abound, and they are demeaning to say the least. The plot is so weak it barely exists. The acting is dreadful. The choreography is lousy. And the heart of the love story is between a 65 year old man and a 25 year old woman. As for Robinson's dancing, well, the Nicholas Brothers are the stars in this regard. And what exactly were Cab Calloway's talents? There is a positive side to the movie: It is Lena Horne. She's a delight, and there are three standard songs in this film. Horne deserved better, and in time her great talents would be recognized. Stormy Weather should be seen in its historical context: Blacks were needed in the war effort, and this was a very rare nod to some of their entertainers by a major studio.
4 ||| This book is amazing. It takes you on a ride through a futuristic world of imagination. In reading it you will feel the pain and confusuion of this boy and how his life will never be the same. If you read this book I promise you will never forget it!
4 ||| Parts of this recording are so beautiful that when I listen while working, I have to pause what I am doing and close my eyes. I don't remember how I ended up buying this CD (it certainly wasn't planned), but I am so grateful.My rabbit hates it though. When I listen to it at home, he stamps his feet. So I can only listen to it at work. :(
3 ||| This novel won the Pulitzer Prize in 1926 (for whatever reason) which the author refused to accept (maybe he agreed with some of the reviews). The author later won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1930. The novel is about a fictional person growing up in a fictional state, going to a fictional university, etc. I may get jumped on by some people for saying so, but personally I found the story dull and tedious (a good cure for insomnia). It does not compare with other prize winning novels which I have read that were written during the same era (Pearl Buck's "The Good Earth," Booth Tarkington's "The Magnificent Ambersons," etc.). I suppose this is one of those novels that you must read if you are a literature student, but I would not recommend it to anyone else. If you have an interest in the author, I would suggest trying one of his other novels.
2 ||| Yes, the book helps you to understand why the 'wicked old grandmother' is the way she is. because she thinks her grandchildren are 'demons', and who can blame her? It is a fact that the offspring of siblings are missing a few genes here and there and can turn out to be 'different'. But, really, the only thing you find out from reading the book is that Corrine and Christopher are half-brother and sister rather than half-uncle and niece. It is a good book, but I don't think there is as much of a storyline as 'Flowers in the Attic'. I think the book goes on for too long, after all it starts when Olivia is twenty-four years old and ends with her at the age of sixty-four. it does prove that even wicked people have some love in them though, for she truly loved her sons, Mal and Joel.
0 ||| I wasted more time trying to get this to work then it was worth. Tech support was marginal at best. If you have the perfect config and are lucky enough to get it to work than you are one of the lucky ones. I would look elsewhere.
0 ||| I will be honest and say that I read this book after seeing the movie and I feel that the movie out does the book and therefore left me disappointed.
4 ||| Back pack has all the space I need and nothing more to make it bulky. Great for me to be carrying around college, perfect size, tons of color options, and you can adjust the size to whatever you want. Cool backpack!
3 ||| For a film with such a hefty price tag, I would expect the english subtitles to at least be accurate...there are instances, such as when the word "become" is confused with "because," that simply make no sense.Aside from that (again keeping in mind the massive price tag Criterion has assigned to this disc), there are plenty of scratches and weird black spots scattered throughout the print. They cleaned up some of it, but apparently ran out of patience (I don't see how they could have run out of money!).I give 5 stars to Akira Kurosawa, but loud jeers for the greedy crooks at Criterion.
2 ||| This was the first time a professor made me read a complete textbook from cover to cover, but the book was an easy read. There were interesting little side-bars about different companies, people and/or situations. What I didn't really care for was how many times things were repeated..."didn't I just read this?"
4 ||| I bought this movie for my 4 year old son and he absolutely loves it! He loves the action, the bows & arrows, and the "good guys". He asks to watch it over and over, and now dresses just like Robin Hood. I would highly recommend this for preschoolers or older, my 2 year old is not interested yet. Boys especially will like it!
1 ||| i expected this movie to be terrible, but might as well see it. I was proved wrong. My favorite part has to be the scene at goofy goober's.FINAL THOUGHT - buy, see, rent, steal,or borrow this movie
0 ||| Too bad, this was the reason for all of my order, but more then two months later I am still waiting for this dvd. I am waiting every day... but nothing.
4 ||| I bought this as an inspiration for my wife who makes boxes. We both love the book and have come away with some great ideas!
4 ||| i was very pleased with this purchase. it came exactly as the seller described and in the same time frame as advertised. i would definitely order from this vendor again.
4 ||| As always I love Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J. The really revealing character here is Mr. Deeks Eric Olsen and Daniela Ruah. They are such a funny combination and they look very good as a couple. Hats off to Ms. Hunt as well. She is a very convincing agent because of her size and looks nobody will look twice or even once that she has license to kill. GREAT SHOW MORE SEASON IS A MUST.
0 ||| I read all the bad reviews as well as the good ones. I make up my own mind, but this book definitely leaves A LOT to be desired. I like a light 'feel-good' romance. This was neither. I'm 3/4 finished with this book, and the hero and heroine are still lambasting each other. It's disgusting. There's nothing 'feel-good' in this book. It would be as satisfying to read a gory mystery.When I'm finished I will go back to Shadows of Yesterday. That is a 'feel good' romance.
2 ||| I don't know if this crap really works but got it for the wife and thought they probably didn't have to pay the Chuck Norris look alike model as much as the real deal.
4 ||| This is juat an incredible film. Upon learning that their village is going to be plundered, a community of peasants decides to try to enlist the help of some samurai to defend them. With nothing to offer them but food, a couple of peasants go out in search of some "hungry" samurai. The samurai that enlist each do so for their own reasons, but they all come together to defend the village from the raiders. The characters, acting, and story all make this a fantastic film. It clocks in at over 3 hours, but doesn't seem that long. And even though it's all in Japanese and subtitled in english, you wont mind!One complaint however: this DVD will only play in one of my three DVD players (I have a Toshiba, a Sony, and a Memorex DVD-RW, and it only plays in the Sony).
0 ||| As with one of the other reviews, this pump really is junk. The pump worked but the pressure gauge gave a limp attempt at working on the first pump, then gave up the ghost completely. I am sure 99% of these types of foot pumps are made in the same factory in China and the companies here just put their names on it. They should be a little more particular 'cause this is the last cycle force product I will buy. Of course, it is hit or miss, so you just might be lucky and get one of rare ones that works. But for $11, what can you expect??
0 ||| Im sorry folks!!I bought this video based on other reviews,about how good it is.I admit she packs a lot of moves into the workout for a half an hour video, but what is with the balancing act with weights?,if I wanted to become a trapeze artist I would have joined the circus. I HATE this video, reach for it the least and I am just about ready to slam dunk it into the bin,but might twist my ankle doing it(the video).
4 ||| Mother Night is Slaughterhouse Five without time travel nor aliens. It's hysterical and puzzling. A great book for any fan of Kurt Vonnegut.
2 ||| This is more like the manual that should have shipped with InterDev (what each menu does, etc) than anything that can be construed as useful. I actually held out for this book over the Wrox ASP book. Big mistake. If they come out with a new edition for VInterDev 2.0, they should include some EXAMPLES!!!!!
4 ||| I have to admit that I have owned Casios' in the past, but this one really stands out. It is super accurate since it uses the atomic time frequency to update itself 4 times a day. Even if you miss a update, all you have to do is hit a button and it will do it for you manually. The watch is smart enough to keep up to date with the new daylight savings time laws in the US, and you will amaze your friends when you show off the complex stop watch on this thing. This watch is not to heavy, nor too flimsy. I've had mine for about 5 months+ and no scratches yet.
3 ||| A good sequel with a good plot, just a bit short of 3. still very good movie, worthy to be in the series
1 ||| I think of Pynchon as the Robin Williams of recent (undeservedly) widely-bought, (undeservedly) widely-taught, and (deservedly) widely-unread fiction: in small doses, Williams and Pynchon come off as brilliant, artful, and socially insightful. In increasing doses they become appallingly tiresome; their audience (mostly captive, in the case of Pynchon) starts being bored with the same addled antics over and over; then the audience starts wondering if Pynchon/William's apparent talent is in fact some tiresome neurological condition; finally the the audience ends up accepting this hypothesis, and hoping that the condition is either treatable, or quickly terminal.So, read /just/ this short book and have a chance at enjoying Pynchon.
2 ||| Me entretuve mucho leyendo acerca de Valparaiso y California del siglo pasado. A esta historia, en todo caso, le falto esa chispa de genialidad que se aprecia en otros libros de Allende. Especialmente al final de la novela, me parecio que la autora tuvo que terminar el relato repentinamente. El final es una decepcion.
3 ||| I met a quilter this summer who had this book, and turned me onto the Log Cabin quilt. I had been doing some triangle quilting, and found it very hard to match all those little corners. This is all straight pieces, and with this book you can really find many ways to put together the same quilt block for different effects.
0 ||| Mel Brooks strikes again! This time he's attacking every Alfred Hitchcock movie possible. Mel himself plays Dr. Richard Thorndyke and is a noble piece prize award winning psychologist at the Institute for the Very, VERY Nervous. Then there's also many other famous actors and actresses who have starred in many other Mel Brooks films such as Madeline Kahn, Harvey Korman, and Cloris Leachman. I can't say enough about this movie, but I'm afraid I have to end it right here.
2 ||| She has been wrongly compared to the late/great Dusty Springfield (although sometimes she is close to Dusty's phrasing/style). This cd is not a new Dusty in Memphis due to the fact that almost all the songs included are mediocre. She is a good singer but she is not the best voice in Country Music as some critics have called her. The best contemporary female country singer is Trisha Yearwood.
1 ||| quick synopsis for those of you who havent read it and are considering it: an old man is pulled around the ocean by a fish, talking to his HAND (yes, his hand) and ends up almost dead for a fish that eventually gets eaten by sharks. There you go. Sound good to you? No. I kept wondering what would possess a man to write and publish a book with a story line like this. I understand all of the religious imagery, and all of the symbols with the mast, and everything, but this book really sucked! But, I dont really think that it deserves 1 star. If you want a good Hemingway read, I recommend A Farewell to Arms. That is a great story.
2 ||| Been trying to make my first crossbow kill for a couple of years. Never could make it happen then I got a new Horton Crossbow and some of these carbon express arrows with muzzie broad heads and one shot one kill. The shot was a 28 yds and the deer ran another 50 yds and crashed in the woods. She did manage to break the shaft off when she fell since I hit her in her shoulder and instead of a clean pass through. Still accurate arrows.
1 ||| I thought this would be a great movie. First of all, I love Helen Hunt and have since Mad About You. But this movie dragged and was somewhat boring. I thought the actors looked horrible, excpet for Bette Midler. I mean Helen Hunt is beautiful, but she looked soooo old and depressed all the time! I couldn't even finish watching it unfortunately because I lost interest.
0 ||| Want this, I have the first 4. But all the seasons were $16 on here when I first started buying them, closer to Christmas they went down to $13, then immediately after Christmas they went up to $25. I will not buy them until they go back down. I am also boycotting Amazon right now anyway, because of the disgusting books they are selling/supporting.
3 ||| What a shame that we have lost Scott Cunningham in this life, because he was one of the few authors who invite self-exploration and experimentation rather than forced subscription to specific beliefs and adherence to pubished ritual practices. This book is truly encouraging to those who might be nervous about saying the "wrong" words... he reminds us that the power is within ourselves and the earth, and we need only coax it out.
1 ||| I dislike how it beeps every time you click a button or even when you hold the button down. So if you hold the button down and set it to 90 minutes, it'll beep 90 times which is grating.Bad on me for not paying closer attention to the description as it does mention a limit of 100 minutes but that's the other reason I'll be returning this. I need it to go higher than 1 hour and 40 minutes.
1 ||| I find the Little Critter books cute...most of the time. This book however I threw away. While the critter is having a bad day but throughout the book his mother never one holds and comforts him, and in the end the thing that changes his bad day is the fact that his dad bought him a new toy. There are no real solutions on how to handle a bad day, just the lesson that id you are feeling bad maybe someone can buy you something and make you feel better.Grover's bad, awful day by Anna H. Dickinson is a much better choice.
4 ||| i thought this was a great movie as the sceme gets deeper , i liked it alot as jacky chan was not the main character in the film but a host of characters put together make this a great film
2 ||| This is a good looking, small unit. The remote control is very convienant and this heater has some great safety features. I dont feel that it gets warm enough however. I live in Vermont and it gets pretty cold. It takes a long time for this heater to have any effect on my room.If you live in an unusually cold region, I would recommend opting for a bigger sized space heater.
3 ||| If you want to try out Kraan,which you should,do not start with this one.Tracks here are weaker than normal high standard,with exeption of first track Far West,which is only 2 30 min. long.But if you are a Kraanut like myself,yes you got to have it .I have loved Kraan for 25 years,and I do slip this one on a couple a times a year for old times sake.Ok I heard this again the other day ,and it is better than 3 *s.Last time I must have done the dishes during Ausflug which is a stellar track.There is more good stuff here besides the 2 trax I mentioned.Enjoy.
4 ||| As in some of her books, Christie explores the issue of moral standards. Is it okay to kill someone if they are truly evil and oppress everyone around them? This is the case in a slightly unusual and intriguing book.Who would be so desperate to kill their mother and grandmother? The question stays at the center of the book as you realize each family member had ample motive. After all, the grandmother that was murdered controlled her relatives while slowly choking the life away...You will find yourself questioning the situation and wondering what you would do if you had to do something...as either the oppressed--or as the law.Christie takes this book beyond frivolous murder and into a perhaps even controversial set of events. It is worth reading as her efforts to produce an above-average mystery are apparent.
1 ||| I'm reading The Big Rock Candy Mountain for the first time. Great story. Unfortunately the Kindle edition is filled with punctuation and spelling errors, presumably from the digital conversion. I tried to figure out how to 'return' the book since I can easily check out a paper copy for free from the library, but apparently Amazon doesn't allow returns of ebooks. Or at least not in a way that's obvious to me. Thumbs down on Amazon's quality control, at least in this instance. And at $12.99 it should be much cleaner.
0 ||| ONE DAY DURING THEIR CHILDHOOD, A GROUP OF FRIENDS SAVE A YOUNG BOY FROM SOME BULLIES. IN RETURN, THEY GET AN AMAZING POWER THAT ALLOWS THEM TO KNOW THINGS. WHEN THEY REUNITE DECADES LATER, THEY MUST USE THIS POWER TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM A MENACE LIKE NO OTHER. I TRYED TO GIVE THIS A CHANCE, BUT THIS MOVIE IS UNDENIABLY BORING. MUCH OF THIS MOVIE IS POINTLESS. IT TRYS TO GET EXCITING TOWARD THE END, BUT IT WAS WAY TOO LATE TO SAVE THIS TIME-WASTER. THE WHOLE CAST IS WASTED, ESPECIALLY MORGAN FREEMAN, WHO PLAYS AN ALIEN HUNTER. THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST BORING HORROR/SCI-FI MOVIES I'VE SEEN IN YEARS. AND TO THINK THAT THIS GOD AWFUL MOVIE WAS BASED ON A STEPHEN KING NOVEL IS VERY UNBELIEVABLE. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY ON THIS TRASH. BELIEVE ME, IT'S DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT.
4 ||| Loved these movies while growing up!! My nieces and nephews love them just as much...bought this set for them!! Cannot go wrong with Rankin & Bass :)
0 ||| If you're used to and love Queen's Greatest Hits I and II and are familiar with Queen's well known and classic stuff, this cd might not be for you. Its heavy on disco and doesn't really sound like queen that much at all. There are some good songs like put out the fire and the Song for Lennon is interesting and good, but if your looking to buy an original queen album, i'd skip this one and get something like Night at the Opera.
4 ||| The band alone is great, but the audio quality is really something of an achievement. It is a live concert and it sounds like studio quality, definitely a must have for fans and music lovers alike.
1 ||| I had high expectations for this game, but was Ultimately let down. Getting to work with all of the superheroes is great, but since you have four at once, they tend to get in each other's way, and you can become boxed in. It is also not always intuitive as to what your goal is for each level, and it is easy to get lost without a full screen map. I started out at the easy level, just to learn how it all worked, and now I can't change the level without restarting my game: kind of annoying.
4 ||| This is book is a complete guide for the foaling attendant. It gives handy supply lists, ideas for predicting the foaling date, and wonderful nutritional advice. There is a lot of good info on warning signs of "things going wrong" and how and when to help the mare out. Great book! It's the second copy I've owned.
4 ||| My favorite gangsta-rap album is "The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory" by Tupac "Makaveli" Shakur.Naturally, I would enjoy "Ride Wit' Us or Collide Wit' Us" by Tha Outlawz. I only paid 1 cent (and shipping and handling charges), but I would be willing to pay 12 dollars for this album. The price for this album is right. You'll pay more for shipping and handling.The beats blast hard, the music is funky, and the lyrics are phat. We all miss Tupac...but Tha Outlawz pick up the Game right where Pac left it. And like Tupac's music, this album is thought-provoking, hard-hitting, and pure gangsta. Pac lives on in the post-mortal existence and Tha Outlawz keep it real here in our world.Give this album a spin; you will not regret your purchase.Peace out.
3 ||| This DVD is not available on Netflix. Why? The real question is: how come you can buy it on Amazon? I think, it was mistakenly released by someone who was not aware of its true nature. Several similar movies are still not available. They all show how FDR's administration viewed Stalin and Stalinism. Watch it and think!
2 ||| recently saw the movie and decided I wanted to read the original book! but unfortunately I haven't read it yet.
0 ||| What happened? Night of the living dead is one of the all time classics of horror.This limited edition of only 15000 (thank god) is terrible. Terrible soundtrack, terrible making of featurrette, terrible new scenes, etc.Oh and that score for the original come on what are they thinking. No wonder these where the people who brought you Santa Claws.The only good thing to come out of this was that unbelievable crystal clear quality of the original. Given that quality, a score approved by director romero, and commentary with romero youve got a winner. Fortunately, one already exists.Dont waste your time on this one.
0 ||| The only time I've heard about ZOMBIE BRIGADE was from the directors of THE UNDEAD ( an upcoming Australian ZOMBIE flick really awesome ). They were like " this is the only ZOMBIE flick the Australia has produced so far..."As a ZOMBIE Movies Fan, when I saw that this movie was available on AMAZON, I decided to give it a try. And well, this was quite a disappointment at first. I'm easy when it comes to Zombies but this one does not have any decent make-ups or gore F.X and the ending is just crap.On the other hand, the acting is not that bad and the plot is quite intelligent. It shows how dumb Australian Rednecks Society can be and includes some Aborigines cultural elements which is cool. Overall, you got some nice pictures like the one showing the ZOMBIE SOLDIERS walking in the cemetery.If you buy this movie, don't expect a Zombie Gorefest but an O.K Horror movie worth watching late at night.
4 ||| Got this boxed set for my birthday and after watching the entire series, I felt relieved. I remember when it was airing on Toonami and how popular and cool the show was back then. It brought back many memories. The banter bewtween Jim and Gene is hilarious and the subtle romance between Gene and Melfina was just enough to keep the show intriguing. Not to say, the Outlaw Star, the ship itself wasn't cool enough or the battles too. It was a very interesting story to follow and I really enjoyed reliving the series again. Highly recommended.
1 ||| This product is indeed what it advertises. The works (journals, letters, sermons and comments) of John Wesley on CD. The problem is that it is all one long text file. It is trapped inside the Folio Infobase software that was out of date 10 years ago. You can export the entire text to either WordPerfect or RTF (no PDF or MS Word option) but even then all 7 (or 14) volumes are contained in one giant file. You can search for particular words, but I haven't found any topical search (ie - I want a sermon on sanctification). And the worst for any $50 product, there are misspellings in the text!! I wish I had bought the 7 book hardcover edition so at least it would look pretty on my shelf. This just isn't going to be as useful as I had hoped.
4 ||| One of the great spiritual conundrums we all face is why one person dies while another lives. Airplane crashes, violent public events, and unexpected heart attacks in young people draw our attention to this question.The Bridge of San Luis Rey is probably the most elegant and moving expression of that question. Anyone who wants to develop her/his spirituality will find it satisfying and heartwarming to think about this story.If you have never read this book, you are missing an opportunity to be able to discuss this story with others. Even people who have read relatively little great fiction have usually read The Bridge of San Luis Rey.The story has little wasted verbiage, and gives you plenty to think about. I encourage you to read this little, but mightly book.You should also recommend it to young people you know. They can begin to discover a love of great literature through this book.
2 ||| this whisk is larger than it appears--however, it is good for use in non-stick pans and is very easy to clean
3 ||| I'm a big fan of the DC one. So when I saw that DK was putting a Marvel one together, I was looking forward to it. Well, it delivers for the most part. In my opinion, I think they left out too many characters. The DC one was more thorough. But all the impotant characters are in it. The art work is straight out of the comics. Everything is formated very nicely, and it's also better than any of the Marvel encyclopedias before it. For the price you can get it for on Amazon, it's a no-brainer!
3 ||| This book was ok. A good read if you are looking to fill up time, but not somewhere you want to go looking for valid historical information. However, once again Anne is portrayed as a spoiled gold/power-digger, as usual. I wish someone would say something nice about her!!!
2 ||| For those who survived the 80's, some -like me- will have a particular fondness for this film. Sure it's dumb, put parts are funny and overall was an enjoyable film to kill some time. Unfortunately it's transition to DVD format is quite mediocre. A little better than lousy transfer has specks and spots all over the movie, and the only extra provided is a trailer. Buy only if you seriously miss this movie.
4 ||| I finally got this in the mail today, and I listened to it as soon as possible! I could listen to my favorite songs for hours! My favorite songs are mOBSCENE, Tainted Love, Disposable Teens, and Sweet Dreams (are made of this) I first heard Disposable Teens from Blair Witch 2, and I liked Sweet Dreams from House on Haunted Hill, but I never knew they were both done by Marilyn Manson. I just found that out recently. It seemed like I waited a month for this, and the wait was worth it, because it made my day. To make my day even better, I found out that there is finally going to be an American release of Howard the Duck on DVD. If you love the sounds of Marilyn Manson, I highly suggest LEST WE FORGET: THE BEST OF MARILYN MANSON!!!
4 ||| Here's the premise. You can build a business and compete in the global market and beat out brand name products. You can do this from your home and if you do it well, you can build a cashflow generating strategy to allow you to 'Stop Working'.I like the book because the strategy is a bit different. If you read Rich Dad Poor Dad you'll appreciate the Cash flow 'B' and 'I' type focus of the book. It goes beyond Rich Dad because it actually tells you how to do what it claims that you can do.I liked the strategy most of all because I really hate my job and am trying to figure a way out. The idea of selling to a global market is a bit overwhelming but a pretty logical case of presented (using other businesses distibution network).I'm looking at other options, including real estate (somewhat expensive though), but this is one of the best financial strategies I've come across so far that seems practical, logical and do-able.
4 ||| The thrilling life of a young boy is never as wonderful as it could be if the child was able to make his own choices. I enjoyed the book and the story plot, yet I had to disagree with the detail on page 150.:)
3 ||| This is a fairly amusing resource! Not spectacular, but about what I expected - interesting and useful on occasion.
4 ||| Excellent Bible Story book for cildren over 8. Our church gives a copy to each family with children. Only negative, a few extra textual comments that fill in the story line nicely but are not in Scripture.
4 ||| I liked this movie more than most critics. Tommy Lee Jones' performance was good and Samuel L. Jackson did a good job portraying a military officer caught up in a political mess. Its not a "great" film but it is very entertaining.
0 ||| This is the worst Algebra book that I have ever come across. I love Algebra and I bought this book just for brushing up and enjoyment purposes. There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason as to the order of the book and the instructions are very confusing.Don't waste your money on this book a much better book is Maran's Illustrated Effortless Algebra. It is a basic Algebra book that is excellent. Its directions are easy to follow and the illustrations are excellent. College Algebra Demystified is also a good book with lots of practice problems, but the explanations are best in Maran's.
3 ||| I bought this as a gift for my daughter who lives in another state. When she received it all of the cds skipped. When I called amazon cs. They solved the problem for me. now my daughter is enjoying her present.
4 ||| I found seeing F Troop for the first time for years.It was great to see it all again.I enjoyed it so well it brought great memories back to me. The transfer from the film to dvd was excited !! .It worth seeing over again. I be looking forward to see F Troop the complete second season when it comes out.Highly recommended.
0 ||| An OCR copy should not be the first copy to come up on Amazon's site. I ordered this because I was ordering roughly 30 academic texts and did not have the time to pour through each description. There is absolutely no formatting, no table of contents, no index and the footnotes are muddled for the most part. Considering that this is already a difficult work in German, let alone in translation, it is impossible to decipher in the provided format. Worthless in an academic setting and should not be at the top of Amazon's list when you search for the work.*This is not a review of the work itself, which is important for any understanding of Western philosophy.
2 ||| We already saw the subject in countless other versions, starting with Love Story and continuing more recently with Autumn in New York. Finding the perfect significant other, but she/he has a terminal disease. This particular movie doesn't bring anything really new to the theme, compared to the previous ones, except for the incredibly charming two main characters, both beautiful and good actors.
4 ||| "Cats for Dummies" is an honest, light-hearted, and informative guidebook.Though authors Gina Spadafori and Paul D. Pion, DVM, focus on "the fun and easy way to find the kitten or cat who's right for you," they cover a variety of basic and enlightening feline information.The chapters range from "Choosing Your Feline Companion" and "Feeding Your Cat" to "Solving Behavior Problems" and "Ten Common Household Dangers to Your Cat."Two particularly eye-opening chapters are "Ten Cat Myths--Debunked" (e.g., All Callicos are Females) and "Understanding Your Cat" (cats, it turns out, aren't color blind).Many of the illustrations and b&w photos could have been clearer. Otherwise, this primer and reference work is highly-recommended.
3 ||| MST3K fans will remember this film in it's horrible glory from the worst English dubbing company ever, Sandy Frank. This however is a different dub made by people who have a firmer grip on the English language.It's still enjoyable for the background music track stayed the same. So your ears will be treated to the same music, but not the same stunted English.I recommend this for someone who's seriously obsessed with the film and desperately needs it on DVD, for say, taking screen grabs, etc.
3 ||| Overall a very good book in the context of Fundamentals and objectives of the exam SCBCD. I am giving it 4 stars because I felt that an "Exam Quick Prep" at the end would have helped in the last minute studying for the exam. I also think that giving a flavour of design patterns would have been beneficial..Having said that, for the advanced readers in my opinion Richard's "Enterprise Java Beans" is more applicable and interesting.IMHO EJB Learning curve1.)Kathy's Book "Head First EJB"2.)Enterprise Java Bean OR Mastering Enterprise Java Beans3.)J2EE Design and Development by Rod Johnson
1 ||| Like other Rhea's books, this one put me to sleep after a few pages. I tried again when I woke up, and I found that Randall's verbose style is poor and technically inaccurate, to the point that his book is confusing at times.
0 ||| It's a plain normal western and it cannot be sent to my adress. Please tell me why !!!! If their is any reason this film cannot be sent to Switzerland, I'd like to know why !!!!
4 ||| I purchased this to replace an older machine I had because this one makes 2lb loaves. I usually make whole wheat/wheat germ bread which is a dense loaf of bread. But this machine makes it perfectly. I've made about 6 loaves so far with no problems. It's settings are fool proof.
0 ||| This is not /really/ a book on how to impliment NTP. Over half the book is devoted to the history of NTP. There's even one chapter on the science of time, the history of the gregorian calendar and other trivial information. There's even a poem thrown in there for good measure.Chapter five has a big commercial for Symmetricom's NTP appliance.I was looking for was a exhaustive guide for implimenting *ntpd. I wanted to know how to understand the output of all the different commands on the ntpd console. I wanted to know how to troubleshoot the clock skew on my Dell servers running Linux and ntpd.Instead, I got a book with pages devoted to "The Networking Aspects of the Trojan War" ... ???
3 ||| This movie was nominated for several awards but didn't win the prize for them. It's based on a novella by Swiss author Friedrich Durrenmatt, focusing upon a man whose paranoia drives him slowly into madness. It's disjointed at times and I found out that it seems to focus on the subplot more of the novella than the actual tale. Maybe that's why it didn't feel right to me. That said, it has a nice twist to it and doesn't follow the typical parameter of its genre which is refreshing. STORY/PLOTTING: C plus to B minus; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B minus to B; PAYOFF: B minus; WHEN WATCHED: mid August 2011 (streamed); OVERALL GRADE: B minus.
3 ||| Ouspensky writes most elloquently of a fundamental principle of thought. He points out the universality of all of mans work to understand the incomprehensible and in a most objective manner. This demonstrates the other important point he makes; that there is no place in a honest mind for the preconceptions and misinformation our generic society has imposed upon us. All in all, a great read, it you are willing to put forth the effort to think about it. If not, pass it by.
1 ||| I thought it would contain more commentary from TJ. All it contains is a list of random scriptures. No notes from Tom J.
4 ||| The music is great. the lyrics are too. Such songs as "devil", "speaker 12", and "favorite sinner" are thought-prevoking. Love, breakup, sex, alcohol/drug abuse are all covered here. And my goodness when she whispers "slow down honey" at the end of "accelerate", i instantly get shivers, at that time of the song I fall in love with her. She has a voice that is similar to Hope Sandoval but she seems more sincere than the Mazzy Star singer.
2 ||| This book is a good road map to Danish...it does an excellent job of explaining grammar and sentence structure.What makes it frustrating for a beginner like me, however, is the way it approaches vocabulary. I've learned several other languages, and I like to learn new nouns in groups ("animals" "professions" "rooms of the house")This book throws huge groups of unrelated words at you as it goes about explaining sentence structure, and I found them almost impossible to keep straight.I ended up keeping a separate notebook to organize them myself!Another important point: Pronunciation is the most difficult part of Danish, so I'd recommend buying this book WITH the cassettes. I bought the book alone, and now to get the cassettes - which are really necessary - I'm going to have to buy another copy of the book!
2 ||| these are not "quality" shoes but they're great for bad weather. i bought a pair in black and brown for the winter. rubber soles and cheap so i dont care if they get ruined in the snow.
4 ||| Love Glee and I had missed this episode with Ricky Martin. It was fantastic. Thanks for making TV shows available on Kindle Fire.
0 ||| Very wordy. Takes too long to get to the point. Very poetic if that is what You want - not the case for me As i try to escape from reality in books but just wanted to escape from this book.
4 ||| This is the third time I have purchased this CD. First when it came out in England, then when the bonus CD was released with the Special European Tour Edition, and now that it is released with a bonus DVD. This is by far the best version of all three. Of course, the music on the CD has already proven itself to be one of the best CDs available for a long time with its string of hits. This is Ash at their best! Despite it being released a year ago, it is still in my CD player daily. In my view, this is the perfect summertime album. Well worth the money on its own. The DVD is filled with goodies from bonus tracks to samples from their Tokyo Blitz DVD and some features on the band. This is definitely the most extensive bonus DVD I have ever seen. And it's not boring bonus material like so many bands release for free. (eminem, cough, cough.) Quite a steal to get this free with the CD. But I heard it won't be available for long so go buy it now!
0 ||| I got dizzy watching the machines transform. I only watched the movie to see Chicago, because I live there. Needless to say, I did not like this movie.
4 ||| This was a beautiful book. My grandchildren and I loved the illustrations by Jon Goodell and the Animotion was an added delight. Definitely a keepsake.
4 ||| I loved this audiocassette and I listened to the UNABRIDGEDversion. It was slow at first but then, I never wanted it to end. Cornwell has a great way of enticing readers to read her other books by using the reoccuring characters. I love her explicit descriptions. I like how she is not afraid to kill off her main characters. You never know what to expect! I am going right out to buy another Kay Scarpetta novel in the series.
4 ||| Purchased this for our daughter and she absolutely loves it. Used it right away and was able to get 4 hours of continous rest. Great product.
2 ||| These headphones felt great, and looked like they were very nicely built. However, like a few other reviewers, they did not work with my Sony HDTV. Silence is the best way to describe what I heard with them! The transmitter light would not illuminate. Too bad the ad for this item didn't state that they would not work with (some or all?) HDTVs.I am reluctant to give a negative review on something that didn't work at all. Consider this review to be netural. Was it defective, or would it simply not work with a HDTV? The important thing here is that a refund was promptly provided. That's what I like about Amazon.com - the no-hassle refunds for items that either don't work or are not as advertised.Based on my experienc, I can't recommend them for use on a HDTV. They may work perfectly well on older analog TVs.
3 ||| I was very excited about getting this because I had one as a kid. But unfortunatly this does not seem to get that hot. But it was for my 6 year old so she enjoyed it!
1 ||| I have had the charger for more than two years. It charges AA batteries just fine, but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries. To charge the smaller batteries you need to flip down the little button at the positive end. In the beginning one of the four AAA batteries would pop up, and now three out of the four won't hold. The problem is the flip mechanism became loose, and any horizontal pressure would push the buttons back up. What I have to do now is using duct tape and a segment of crayon, apply the crayon on the buttons, and wrap the tape around. You know how painful that is.
2 ||| This produces a great picture, but the life of the lamp is very short. We have now replaced the lamp twice. Both times, the new lamp lasted less than 400 hours. Will try one more time, than probably replace the projector.
3 ||| this may the only way you can do it. My netgear card would connect but couldn't meet all the security imposed on it...had to buy this expen$ive little darling. Worked fine but I really dislike being held captive to one vendor to use a network. But it IS CISCO so why am I surprised? regardless, performs well and is a bargain at half the price.
1 ||| This blood pressure monitor gives too many false high and low readings when you compare it with a manual device.It can misguide the persons using it.
4 ||| This is a must-have for my video library. Excellent story and visually stunning. Great emotional attachment to the characters, good guys and bad guys.
4 ||| this book is not for the closed minded person. it is full of allagorical life in the spiritual sence. i have read this book many times and given it to many of my friends. all of us love it. it is probably one of the most inspired writings since the bible. it makes no theological distinctions that would affend any of the christian faith. what it does do is expand our view of the christian life and the role christ plays in our every day life. a gem of a book even for us of little faith.
4 ||| I found the book very helpful as it did not assume previous knowledge of the topics but taugth them like i was a novice. I look forward to buying more books.
4 ||| I thought I was a Deaver fan before this, having read Coffin Dancer and others, but A Maiden's Grave is definitely one of the best books I have read this year. The characterisation of Arthur Potter is excellent and the girls' strength during their ordeal will make you go from feeling sorry for them (for being deaf) to forgetting the disability and concentrating on how strong the main character is. Deaver's explaination of the Title of the Book is a particularly poignant scene.
1 ||| For very little kids, or young girls who want to look at Heath Ledger. He died but that didn't improve the film.History is so boring. It needs to be jazzed up?
4 ||| This may be the only hardcore economics book I've really ever read. I don't follow through on many books period, but I pushed on through this one. The effort was valuable and worth it. From what I understand, it's held as one of the classics and rightly so. Just take it in chunks as you have time, but do yourself a favor and glean some knowledge from this one.
0 ||| I don't really like sony playstation because of the graphics
0 ||| Arguably, I really think that when it comes to a manufactured Madonna out there now, nobody seem to be a mimic other than Britney Spears. Her music is just as tasteless, and foolish like a man eating fire from a fireplace. This song is really one of the worst songs out there. The song, Toxic really smells like it is just tasteless trash. It really seems to sound exactly alike from all her other hit songs, a bitterfully big, disgraceful miss. I really think she has to really grow up and find another triumph in her belt, other than her eratic songs and behavior. I really hate this song. It is just one of the worst songs ever for 2004.
2 ||| Victor Borge as always is totally awesome and always entertaining. Unfortunately I found the quality of the audio on this DVD very poor. Even on highest volume it was hardly audible. And this was not just my television. I tried it also on a friend's new high def television and the audio was just as bad. My 3 stars are soley because of the poor quality of the audio. Borge always gets 5 stars!Cathy Opperman
4 ||| This book was a favorite of mine when I was growing up and I recently pulled it out when a small child was staying at my home. She loved it!
0 ||| I purchased two books. One matched the description as to quality and the other was not even close to the quality that was stated when I placed the order. One book is in great shape and the other was not in good shape at all. So, I am not pleased with it at all.
0 ||| Do not buy this book, not new, not used. If you just have to read Janet Dailey check it out from a library. There is nothing in this book that is remotely interesting, and the main character is totally unlikeable. Ms. Dailey has lost her touch, I suspected so when the last Calder book was less than expected, but this one isn't worth wasting time on.
2 ||| I admit I did not read the book, but I suspect that this movie falls far short of the McDonald fairy tale classic. My son really likes this movie though so I can't trash it altogether. It must have some kid appeal, although I am not sure what.
4 ||| Aranjuez is one of the most beautiful pieces in modern music. This is excellent, but there are better covers for me. Sample what is out there, find your preference.
0 ||| I would have given it no stars if I had that option. The movie is an Asian language movie and I did not realize that when I purchased. Don't know how to check the original ad to see if it was my mistake. I don't speak the language, so spent the money for nothing.
1 ||| This movie sank like the Titanic. The first 50 minutes were good. Then you start saying to yourself, "What am I doing in front of the TV?" The movie spent too much time inside the alien (V'Ger): It spent about 80 minutes in the alien. The problem was that they had nothing to do in that time segment.When they tried to pull two people from the transporter (including the new science officer). When they said the people were going into final form, or something like that, you say, "Oh, wow. That's nice."So basically, I don't think it was a good first movie.
4 ||| My native American Spirit Guide who helps me do emotional clearing on people during my energetic healing sessions told me to get a drum a few months ago. Since purchasing this drum he has guided me on drumming and chanting together and I am loving every minute. The structure of this drum is excellent. I think it will last a ling time. And the sound, of course, is amazing. You are able to play it loud or soft or anywhere in between.
1 ||| This item is not particularly user friendly when it works. However, mine went south (B drive) after only 6 months. Then I realized that there is only a 90 day warranty, which is lousy. So Koss gets a resounding "Boo!!" from me.
4 ||| What a story! What a tragedy! The Mayor of Casterbridge faces secrets told and untold, misunderstandings, betrayals, loves won and lost... a bona fide soap opera set in a faraway time! Yes, some of the coincidences are a little too convenient, but they kept me reading into the wee hours of the morning! And in the end I cried. This book's characters help us to consider the effects on others of the way we live our own lives. We are truly sorry for the way the Mayor lived his.
3 ||| yes you definently have to have an open mind to watch this outrageos movie. There are funny Scenes, and there are not so much funny scenes. Some Characters were very flat, I felt they could of expanded their personality a little. Definently the star of the screen was Shannon Eliziabeth, with her dashing looks and big brown eyes.Overall a funny little movie.
1 ||| I don't like this story so much. This story showed me about a crazy man. He killed the old man because he didn't like his herrible eye,is it a reason? When the policesman came to his house, first he told them it was all right. Later,he looked strange,and he changed his mind. He let the policeman to find the old man's corpse,he made the old man to sevaral parts. Oh! There were something wrong with his head, that was true,he was crazy. So the policeman shouldn't put him to death, they aould send him to a doctor. What about the old man? Did he do something wrong? He died like that? I don't like the ending of the story,and I don't think it's enteresting. That's my feeling.
1 ||| This is a neat device and works quite well. DO NOT BUY ONE FOR AN 8GIG 5th GENERATION iPod. YOU WILL HAVE TO EXTENSIVELY MODIFY IT TO FIT. Well, Mrs. Lincoln, other than the shooting, how was the play? Also, iLuv is snotty about it not fitting. It took hours to cut the slot bigger, knock off the two tabs, then measure and epoxy the holder to the unit in the proper position. iLuv could easily make an inexpensive adapter! It works fine now, however.UPDATE: This device does NOT seem to charge my iPod when it is plugged in to it AND if you leave the iPod in the device in also seems to DISCHARGE the iPod.
1 ||| The item arrived quickly, but the quality appears a bit poor. It was also definitely not specific to the Pathfinder; some work had to be done to get it to work on the vehicle.
2 ||| The movie was not as good as I had expected & is a little mature for a 5 yr old. I wouldn't buy this again although my grandaughter seemed to like it alright.
4 ||| This movie was a rare treat. Well-written and very well acted. What a great insight into one of history's most important figures. Was worth the investment of time to find a copy of this.
2 ||| The only reason why I gave it a low rating is that the DVD doesn't work well. It plays in my DVD fine, but when I play it on my laptop, there's no sound. Also, I have yet to find the 'multi-angle' aspect on the DVD. Other than that, it's a standard workout. Not good for beginners, though.
4 ||| You wouldn't pick me out of a croud as a Manson fan but I've been around long enough to enjoy a variety of different types of Rock, Alternative Metal, Goth Metal and Progressive performers. Manson is virtually in a class by himself and this CD is dense-packed with that MASSIVE sound I've come to know to be His. If you've not purchased a M.M. CD, start with this one. (Runner up selection I'd say, the live CD "Last Tour on Earth", which captures great version's of earlier song's.)
3 ||| It was easy reading and very similar to the other books by Alexis Harrington. I like the happy endings however after reading more than 3 books they are all similar. I would recommend this book to take when going on vacation.
4 ||| Hugh Jackman is magnificent. Very handsome and irresistable. Someone like you is a movie about a woman named Jane (Judd) who thought she had figured out what was wrong with men until she met Mr. Right. Very predictable and cute movie. A MAGNIFICENT CHICK FLICK.
2 ||| When they say uncensored they mean it. For every thing you think Gordon Ramsey says, there's much more that the chefs have to say.
4 ||| The Spongebob Movie is such a hilarious movie! Loads of laughs will leave you wondering why there wasn't such a funny movie released before! This is a story about Spongebob and Patrick's quest to find King Neptune's crown, who is left bald if in lack of this crown. THis is all part of Plankton's Plan Z, which was started to actually work. Even though it is very slap-stik, this movie will not leave you disappointed!
2 ||| Worthy of a Pultizer? Not in my opinion. But I have read much worse. Over all, mildly amusing and kind of sad with one or two laugh-out-loud moments. A fair read, but I would only suggest it for those who have an interest in reading modern works that lean toward the literary.
2 ||| Just buy it unlocked, save some dough. Its not worth signing up for, but if you need a replacement cheap, then this is it. Also, LG managed to make the menu system kind of easy to navigate. My new R3 should be so lucky as to have a "clear" button.
4 ||| Unfortunately, George Washington, the soldier and politician has been deified by our culture. Richard Brookhiser's tribute to our first president does a terrific job putting Washington's great accomplishments into their proper perspective. This book is must reading for those American history buffs who long to better understand the realities of life in revolutionary times
2 ||| My son loves the magnetic blocks because they stay together and don't topple like plain plastic or wooden blocks, and they have unique shapes, not just square. And he loves Bob and Wendy. But it's hard to get the little dormers to stay on the roofs and hard to get the roofs to stay on the wall blocks, if you're trying to build the houses as shown in the picture. And the door you see open behind Wendy in this pic is ALWAYS falling out of the door frame, and it's hard to put it back together. The blocks and trees are nice but the roof and door pieces aren't that great. But he is always playing with this set, so I give it 3 stars overall.
1 ||| I liked what it was about, the characters and alot of the ideas. What I didn't like was the plot, it just bored me. The only reason I kept reading was to see if it had anymore ideas in it, I love his ideas, especially in books like Mort, Colour of Magic, and Light Fantastic.
4 ||| This was the first yoga tape I've ever bought. I've gone to the gym and taken yoga before and really liked it, but I wanted to find a challenging enough workout to do at home. This tape was it! It's great for the beginner to intermediate and the instructor is a nice-girl-next door personality. I found the workout to be challenging, and just when the thought "is this ever going to be over?" crosses your mind, it is just that-over! I think it's a great workout in the 45 mins it takes. I hope they come out with another tape soon.
4 ||| Great item, and I'm enjoying it, thanks! Great sale too! Item came to me very quickly! I'm very happy with my order!
4 ||| Glad to see the boys back on the scene....My favorite song is Magic Chick and it's probably because of R. Kelly, but they did a good job too. Also, anything with kanye West is on lock. Keep up the good work. STAY BLESSED!!!!
4 ||| This really is the BEST thing ever! First of all i didnt really think my 15 month old son would be slightly interested in this video - but I thought I'd put it on anyway. Well, the first time he watched it, he watched the ENTIRE video - and imitated "b" and "h"!!! I was shocked!! It's been 3 weeks since I bought this viedo and my son (who will be 16 mos old in 2 days) knows ALOT of his letter sounds BY HEART - even if I mix the letters around! He's mastered a, b, c, d, h, m, n, o, p, t, w, y, z - he occasionally sounds out g, r, and s! AMAZING!!
4 ||| The sequel to Anne of Green Gables, Anne of Avonlea is just as good as the first. Anne is older now, and she becomes a teacher at the town school, Marilla and Matthew adopt little boys, and Anne's relationship with Gilbert ripens. If you have not read Anne of Green Gables, I recommend reading that first, so you can understand this book better.This version of the book is hardback and VERY colorful, which I really enjoyed, and it is a book from the Illustrated Junior Library Editions. It comes with a plastic covering to protect the book. This book along with Anne of Green Gables would be a great book for any young girl, and can be passed down to the next generation.
2 ||| This sequel is definitely not a movie to take seriously. There are some good laughs especially in the opening scene when Jim's Dad interupts a sexual escapade by Jim. Eugene Levy undoubtedly is the highlight of this sequel.The rest of movie is just a non stop sequence of undersexed college/high school students striving to get laid. The characters are slightly amusing but the film as a whole does not add much to the more successful original. The script is oh so repetitive. Not bad but certainly not great either as a 2 1/2 star rating sounds right.
2 ||| I wasn't as pleased with these shoes as I have been with other Clark's products. The shoes seem wider than medium and don't have much arch support.The service I received from Amazon was excellent.
2 ||| Ok, I've listened to a lot of the old petra albums and really enjoyed them. So when I saw Double Take I decided to buy it. I was very surprised to find that petra removed the electric guitar from this album and substituted a classical guitar. While the songs are still good, this album doesn't sound like the old Petra. Consequently, most people who loved the old Petra sound won't appreciate this album.
4 ||| Unlike his American counterparts, Mr. Moody doesn't go for the cranial shotgun blast style of zombie horror. His protagonists aren't heroes. They are socially awkward, chronically depressed and in a state of deep shock following the biblical disaster that has befallen the planet. This is the most realistic plague tale that I have read to date. A great book and I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
3 ||| This book does have some good information in it but it was published in 1998. If I had known that I would have looked for a more recent publicatioin.
2 ||| This bra is not a great fit (for me, at least), since the straps keep sliding down, and that's quite unpleasant as we all know. The good news is I only paid $8 for it at Marshalls ;-)
4 ||| If you're looking for the 'real deal' you found it. Yogi Hari is amazing. He is over 60 something and his energy and presence are extremely srong.There are great advanced postures in this DVD, and like all his others, it is so flowing. You work hard but its in one way just fun and the other so meditative.As another reviwer stated, it does dedicate a good amt of time to breathing exercises, but I find it a plus. After you feel so relaxed yet energized.In no way is this DVD lacking.This is a great DVD, and recommend it to those practicing yoga already at a more intermediate level,and ready for the next step.Have fun!
2 ||| In an odd case of poor quality control, the package of eargels came with two of one of the six sizes and missing one of the others. I bought them to make my Jawbone headset fit. It's better than it was, but still not ergonomic.
4 ||| I thought troma was dead. i did'nt really like tromeo and juilet and i never saw terror firmer. well, as soon as i thought troma was dead the toxic avenger 4 proved me wrong ( and i am very happy about that!). Any way this movie is awsome it is sooooooo gory and has a lot of funny parts, like the retarted rebel, the "duck" scene, and the scene where the original melvin makes an appearence!!!!!! It is also very gory and has a head running over scene that gives the one from the first movie a run for it's money. also the scene where toxie kills all of these nazi cops....i also give loyd kaufman cridet for sticking his neck out and making fun of abortion, raceism and others.TROMA LIVES!!!!
0 ||| Well - this was my son's #1 request from Santa Claus. Despite the reviews, he brought it to our house. As expected, it is quite flimsy. It is sad to watch my 5 yr old struggle with the elevator while trying to give batman a ride. It is so pathetic how these toy companies take advantage of children, and (their parents!) with such poor quality merchandise.
4 ||| has always been one of my favorite kinds of salmiak licorices, its salty, and full flavored, this candy is a must for anyone that enjoy the strong taste of a ammonia salt, very long lasting and highly addictive.
3 ||| While I find many Director's Cuts to be an improvment to the origional, adding extra footage and effects not possible at the time film was shot. Now, if they included the origional Blade Runner with the Director's Cut in a two disk set, with the same sound quality, this will allow fans to be more objective.In my opinion, while the sugary ending (a recycled scene from "The Shinning", I've heard) is not something I would miss too much, I found the film empty and silent without Deckard's noirish narration, which completes the classic draw of the film and is how it is best remembered.
4 ||| This cap appears to be excellent value. Most caps are $15- $18. The very low cost makes this product a bargain. The quality and styling are completely adequate for my use. This cap fills the bill for a low cast, nice looking black cap that can be used for occasional field hockey officials work. Since I don't use it for anything else, I cannot rate it as a heavy duty cap.
4 ||| These are fine wipes, nice thickness and scent. But it is seriously irritating that you can't ever pull out just 1 with one hand. I guess they overlap too much. It reminds me of the magic trick with endless scarves tied together that just keep coming out of the top hat. We're constantly shoving them back in the dispenser. This won't keep me from buying again, but it is one of those quietly irritating things you deal with every day.
1 ||| First off, I am a HUGE MST3K fan. I get most of the inside stuff and I generally have a great appreciation for "stupid" humor. Having said that, this episode just didn't do it for me. I and a friend (every bit the MST3K fan I am) just finished watching this episode and counted maybe 10 chuckles between us. A mighty low count compared to other shows. We had the highest of hopes based on the reviews on Amazon. Maybe we set our hopes too high and couldn't help but be disappointed. Bottom line, we just didn't laugh that much where other episodes have had us in tears. IMHO, this one deserves 2 stars at best.
3 ||| I just received this item in the mail and have already installed it within 15 minutes. That includes opening the box, reading the instructions and final adjustment. The instructions were very clear and even advised to expect tighter than normal resistance of the mirror and mirror arm mounting screws. That is to be expected with any system which allows for adjustments-on-the-fly. Seriously, the arms will not break if you tighten the screws by hand. I can't say what would happen if you used a power tool but I warn against that as I have seen such things occur in my career as a machine mechanic. That experience also allows me to say before any road testing that this product is going to work just fine. The delivery was prompt and the package arrived intact.
4 ||| The second album of the Sparks' holy trinity (which also includes "Kimono My House" and "Indiscreet"), "Propaganda" is also the one that rocks the hardest. "Reinforcements," "B.C.," "Something For The Girl With Everything," and "Achoo" all showcase the quirky lyrics and clever arrangements that we've all come to love and expect from the brothers Mael, but they also feature big, glammy guitars, a big drum beat, and at their heart, a big hook. Weird, wonderful music from a weird wonderful decade.
4 ||| If you are a fan of the Stargate series and want to see an end to the series as a movie this is a great movie and a must see and I got this fast after ordering it.
3 ||| I was a little concerned about this product after reading the reviews which indicated the unusual size. However, this pizza cutter is great. I have now used it on my own creation which I cook on a stone and on a pizzeria-bought pie that needed re-slicing. Cut through them both like butter. The size does not get in the way and you really don't even have to press down too hard because of the solid weight of this "pizza wheel". I am very satisfied but I removed one star due to the fact that the wheel/blade cannot be removed. It would have been fairly easy for Oxo to make this product with a removable blade for thorough cleaning and for ease of sharpening. I'm disappointed about this. If the bushing or rivet fails down the road, I will probably design my own removable replacement. Last but not least, I really appreciate the quality of Oxo products. I've got a kitchen full of them.
2 ||| Would appeal to out of work 20 somethings who find hooting out loud a significant expression of inner experience. Could have been subtitled "Hiking with your bar buddies, are we thirty ,yet?."Some nice footage. better vids abound.
3 ||| We purchased this new version for my baby girl Isabel when she was 1 month ..At first I was dissapointed because Isabel payed no attention to it..but by the time she was 3 months It worked..I turn it on she turns her head to watch the fish grabs her blankie and within a couple of minutes she is calm...sometimes I have to sneak in and press it again but never more than twice.
4 ||| This gun is amazing but the only problem is that I can"t figure out how to remove the scope. Does somebody know how?
4 ||| I have enjoyed reading this book. everyone will enjoy it after the first reading. It may be slighlty difficult in the beginning but if you continue to read you will find this book to be very deep, and compelling. I feel as if the more you read it, the more you will enjoy it because you will absorb more information that you may have missed on the first reading. Go Montag!
3 ||| This movie had so many special effects, it is overwhelming at times. They definitely spent more time on the effects than the storyline. This is a good movie to own and you will enjoy it, but don't expect too much from the story.
4 ||| This is a wonderful album that is equal parts smooth and funky. You can relax or dance to it and is as good as anything. Superb, classy musicianship, especially the bass playing - very nice indeed! For tasteful funky salsa I would heartily recommend this album.
4 ||| almost a year of use, and it still works great, this runs from our tv, to my treadmill, I exercise 6 days a week, and this is a fantastic extension.
4 ||| Keep this short and sweet. These guys are awesome. Just heard the 1st 3 songs tonight from a friend and I was very much impressed. Definitely Melodic/Progressive Death Metal. If your a fan of Dark Tranquility, In Flames, Children of Bodom or any other Scandanavian Melodic Death Metal band, these guys fit right in. So spread the word: ENFORSAKEN
3 ||| This is my first James Patterson book. Yes my first, and contrary to what some of the other readers expressed, I did enjoyed this book. I had the feeling that I may be out sequence with Alex Cross's adventures, but this story kept on track and I wasn't lost with the character. I enjoy being educated when I read a novel and Mr. Patterson did an excellent job of the Russian mob or whatever they are called. The Wolf fella was a bit over done. There were lots of plot twists and interweaving of story lines. The only real problem I had was the ending was a bit of let down. I got the feeling that the writer just ran out of steam.
4 ||| The Crucible is one of the most powerful plays I've ever read . I'm only 14, but that still says a lot. Right from the beginning , I was addicted and couldn't get away from it. Arthur Miller is incredible.READ THIS & you will thank me!!!
4 ||| I read some people complianing of the music, doesn't bother us a bit. Babies learn through repitition. Our son really likes to play with this in the dark, he claps like crazy when he sees it. I do wish it had an on/off switch though. I also like that it's small and we can take it with us.
3 ||| Although this book is not at all what I expected (it is what it says it is: "an account of the meaning and symbolism of Ikebana" which I somehow missed before I ordered the book), it is well written and offers excellent information. If you want a greater understanding of the art form, then this is an excellent book. If you're hoping for illustrations to go along with that understanding, then this is not it.
0 ||| If Ed Wood was still alive he couldn't even get excited about the new scenes in this film. If you are a fan of night of the living dead buy the elite dvd but stay far away from the special edition. The new scenes add nothing to the story and actually detract from it. Russo's direction in the new scenes is about as exciting and creative as a wet sponge. The new scenes are poorly written and the acting is even worse. I was really looking forward to this and was terribly disappointed. View at your own risk - stomach aches, nausea, vomiting could be the result at seeing a master piece of a horror movie butchered courtesy of Russo and friends.
2 ||| It's easy to use. It's easy to clean up. Functions are simple to understand. I haven't had it for long, so, I don't know anything about it's durability yet.
4 ||| Item is exactly as described by seller. Item is of good quality. I would recommend this item to anyone who is looking for such an item at a great price!
1 ||| Although the recording was somewhat ineresting, due to the lack of music in the recording I find very dissapointing. I will probably play it three or four times and then dispose of it.
4 ||| I am 8 years old and I just got this game for Christmas and have only played this for just a few days. This is a very simple game to play. There are no levels.A good part of the game is you can play with your dog a lot, you can take him on walks, play fetch and frisbee with him and you can feed him. He learns his name, and how to sit, rollover and sit up.A negative part of the game is it is difficult to choose the dog that you want. You play with the dog and see if you like him, but if you don't like him, you can't go back to get another dog. It takes a while for the dog to learn to sit, and learn his name and that is half the time I played.I like it and it is a pretty good game so far.
3 ||| Jadas got some sick words, his cd is great jada is my second fav rapper, DMX IS #1 hands down (no effece jada dont take it the wrong way bro you rule also :) )
4 ||| Engelbert GOLD is by far the best CD i've found on him for showcasing his range and catalog of good songs but this one is not bad either. It actually is similar to GOLD except a few good ones are left out and a few different good ones are added in.Beside some of his classics he includes his version of Love Letters, Stand by Me, How to win Your Love It's All in the Game, Your Love Stays with Me and all are sung great. A mixture of the old and the new- you can't go wrong with this CD.
4 ||| I really liked the book. It was a little different and exciting. I haven't read any books like that before, but I enjoyed reading it. I thought it wasn't the best book I have ever read before, but it was definetly one of my favorites. I rated The Giver 2 stars because in my opinion it needed more work. Overall the book was well-written and it seemed to me that the author put some time and effort into this book. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading books about the future and books that are a little out there. In the book, Jonas' world was a little weird. They had certain rules for everything. They were very precise and they wanted everything to be that way. That's the part of the book that really didn't appeal to me that much. I don't think that it was right the way that the people in Jonas' world thought was right. But there was also some advantages to the way they lived. It was nice reading this book because it was something that I had never read before.
0 ||| Horrible movie that leaves a very bad taste in your mouth with a bad acting performance by Keanu Reeves, who is miscast as a hard boiled detective who fights against demons in LA. His performance is a real misfire on the part of the people who made this film and it hurts the film in a lot of ways. His co-star Rachel Weisz is ten times the actor Keanu is and she has the most interesting character in the whole movie. Her character is so good that she should have been the lead instead of poor Keanu but we don't live in a perfect world so we have to suffer with Keanu trying to act tough. The script is an absolute mess from beginning to end and the special effects are not done properly in some scenes of the film.See the film for Rachel Weisz performance alone but other than her, wait for video.
2 ||| my name is Steven.i'm from New York City. My two words for this "KISS are GREAT"..after 25 years..of ROCKING..man..People are whining KISS are old..HEll NO!! they are rock all those so called heavy bands. i've been Kiss fan since i was 16..years.
1 ||| It's not a good sign when you fall asleep while watching a movie. The 'disposable' plot certainly did not help keep my attention. I decided to finish the DVD a few days later as I did find some good laughs before dozing off. This is a good comedy-action film. Though some of the action is so outrageously impossible that you could probably call it comedy! The cameo appearances and the featurettes added somewhat to the DVD. Overall this film was a disappointment when compared to the first Charlies Angels.
4 ||| I am delighted to have come across another satirical novel written in the same fashion, THE LAST DAY, by Glenn Kleier. In THE LAST DAY, Kleier tackles the subject of authority in organized religion with outrageous wit and irreverence. LAST DAY is a classic, watershed novel in the manner of BRAVE NEW WORLD. I found it a riveting read, and one that I greatly encourage all Huxley fans to experience
4 ||| The adapter works very well. I spent a long time trying to find a compatible adapter for my Tivo but none of the available adapters worked. This one is worth the money and it hasn't caused me a single problem yet. It gets excellent range, requires no set up, and has a great connection. Well worth it.
0 ||| I hated this book. It was really stupid. It had no point, and come on a world with no choice, color, and pain. It is totally unrealistic. I gave it one star. Nobody in the community has memories except the Receiver of Memory. I did not like it because I don like books that are stupid.
4 ||| Best diapers ever! Believe me, with my two kids I tried a lot! Good leakage protection, thin (what is very good for summer).
1 ||| I was disapointed in how poor the definition was on this "special edition". the scan lines were often clearly visible and distracting when people were talking or when displaying graphics like the text sent on the deep dive.If you have a large TV even with a good DVD player that upscales well, it will make for poor viewing. Too bad because this was a spectacular special effects movie.
2 ||| This toy is wonderful when trying to put my son to sleep, but the problem is that it only plays music for so long and cuts off before he is fast asleep. Which in turn wakes him up and we have to start all over again. If only it was remote controlled, where I could turn it off before I go to bed and I know he is asleep!
0 ||| Not only is this a mediocre Santana CD (Carlos with a bunch of trendy guests for big sales!), it is loaded with copy protection software. I gritted my teeth when I learned that I could NOT rip this CD directly into iTunes for my iPod. Copy protection limits and lessens the conumer experience; a huge backlash has already started, causing CD sales to slide even further. Why doesn't Sony/BMG get it? Copy protected CDs are terrible and you must avoid this CD!
3 ||| I was highly impressed by this novel of arts, society, morality and immortality. It has to be one of the most deepest things that I have ever read. One thing that bothered me a little was how Oscar Wilde went through this long winded prose and at times became a bit essay like but it had gave me food for thought.
2 ||| All original hits and songs.This collection has gathered together two separate music disc's and slipped them into one cardboard sleeve. The titles are:1. Absolutely the Best of the Sixties2. The Psychedelic SixtiesThese two are complete with their own artwork and disc's. Great way to get both titles if you don't already have. I already did so be careful.
2 ||| My 3 year old had the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium by Fisher Price and it was MUCH MORE PEACEFUL than this item is for my new baby on the way. The orginal was a life saver because my 3 year old loved that. This new model's motor is way too loud and just does not have the attractive features of it's predecessor.
1 ||| I bought this on the great reviews. I should not have listened. This book is all about the author. Notice her name prominently displayed on the front cover. The drawings are cute but there are too many pages on items that should take a couple of lines. This book is all about making the authors' art look nice than telling the story about your baby. I w rote a few lines in it already and then got mad so I can't return it. Now I must throw this away and get another baby book.
3 ||| Well, I liked the music in it, it was really good, but, sadly, it lacks a lot of Michael Myers. What I mean is, it doesn't show his face/mask a lot. Plus, Michael Myers is just plain looking, Jason and Freddy are more dead and scarier than this. But, the score was great, and the whole concept was good. Another thing, the body count was too low! Jason usually takes out 10 to 20 people in every one of his movies. And plus, Michael Myers should have been played by Kane Hodder, than he would have been a lot creepier than whoever plays Myers now. Jamie Lee Curtis was an extremely bad actor, and her voice was just too manly! So, I'd really only recommend this because you need to watch it to understand the whole concept and because it has an excellent score, but if you understand the whole thing already (I mean, before seeing any of the movies) than do not watch this.
1 ||| Like all OXO products, this is ergonomic. However, it has the slight flaw that it doesn't actually mince herbs. Tried it with parsely, a fairly durable herb that slices easily. The herb mincer managed to slice through some of the leaves on top, but left a layer of mutilated leaves underneath! It did not matter how hard I pushed, the bruised leaves would not cut! Even if it did work the wheels are not closely spaced enough to mince; I would describe it as closer to chopped. You will be much better off with a sharp knife than with this worse than useless product. I returned mine the same day.
1 ||| With such an excellent assembly of artists and such a great selection of music, this extremely poor quality audio recording wasted what was a tremendous opportunity for an outstanding concert video. Specifically, certain vocal tracks and mike feeds were not captured at all or with very little presence. Two examples are not hearing Sting's classic "I want my MTV" during Knopfler's "Money for Nothing" and not hearing Paul McCartney in a later verse in "Hey Jude". The music was great but these disappointments significantly flaw the DVD.
3 ||| Wonderful combination of Jean Redpath's singing with Abby Newton's cello accompaniment. The songs are a mixture of traditional Scots songs, along with new musical settings of poems, and one song set to a classical melody.Anyone looking for a song that expresses the sadness of being far from home and unable to return should hear Violet Jacob's poem "The Wild Geese" on this album.Jean Redpath communicates the emotions of the songs in a way that few other singers can do. One or two of the songs are a bit too sentimental and 'People's Friend'-style for my taste (trust me, anyone Scottish will know what this means !) but the album as a whole is one I have been coming back to again and again for years.
1 ||| this movie does NOT have any jokes at all!!!! why? the other super hero movies have jokes why not this one? like: spider-manfantastic four the teenage mutant ninja turtles movie all did but this? nope not a single joke at all oh well i never really liked batman anyway
0 ||| I was dissapointed of how the book ends. I would have expected Andrea's telling off Miranda to be more descriptive and intense. After all the stress and how much one gets to hate her boss....Andrea should have at least kill her. It is an entertaining but very stressful story to read. I would never put up with 10 minutes of this ridiculous Miranda character.
0 ||| The description of these from the manufacturer describes them as delicious... sorry, but I must disagree.I will not be purchasing these again.I had high hopes as I very much recommend the protein shakes.Horrible flavor, consistency, and aftertaste.Great concept, but horrible execution, in my opinion.
0 ||| this cd is completely filthy and only good if you have absolutely no morals. Some of it is funny, but most of it is completely disgusting. These guys are terrible.
0 ||| This compilation left me very dissapointed. I have now listened to it for two Christmas seasons, and will probably not bring it out for a third. Many talented singers are not aligned with songs which would best show their voices.
3 ||| I didn't enjoy this one as much as the first one, but I usually think the first book in a series is the best anyway. All in all this is an excellent series, recommend!
3 ||| The movie takes you on a glorious trip the first time you see it. Sean Connery shows that you just get better with age. He's at the top of his form here. Beter than he was as James Bond or Indiana Jones' father. But here's what you do. See the movie again a year or so later. I guarantee, it will be just as suspenseful. Most movies that claim to be suspense, once you see it, it loses that element of surprise. When I first saw it, it was around the time when the Soviet Union was in existence and they seemed to be like a dog you pass by that growls but you're not sure if it'll jump up and bite you. In subsequent times, I noticed the drama being about how credible Jack Ryan was as a expert. Most of the time Alex Baldwin annoys me in his roles (watch him in the edge) but here, he carries off the rookie begging to be believed (a character played almost as well by John Cusack in Con Air). I loved the music. Also good to see blacks working with technical equipment.
4 ||| Get characters. All kinds of emotional confrontations. Some things would be politically incorrect now. Loved it. Nice break from some of the thrown together single topic stories I've read recently.
1 ||| I ordered this edition because it is advertised as a movie tie-in edition, thinking it would have pictures from the movie in it. The only tie-in it has to the movie is the cover, everything else is the standard publication. I love this story and was quite disappointed to be misled.
3 ||| This toy was given to my grandson just as he was sitting up. He played with it then and plays with it now at 2. He loves the music which has 2 levels of sound and the balls that have a sea creature in them.
4 ||| If you're deciding on which version to get, I definately recommend the LA cast. I understand Damian has a weak voice, but honestly, what do you expect. Do you think the bible version of Joseph was a teen pop star?!? What a joke! Some say Damian is too breathy, but, remember, it's not just a vocal performance. He was fitting into the character. I'd like to hear your voice after being locked up in a prison cell awaiting your death! If you're going on amazing lead singer, knock yourself out, get the Canadian version. Listen to that awful narrator til your ears bleed. If you're looking for the whole piece: good acting, good vocals from EVERYONE in the cast, and an enjoyable CD, get the LA cast.
2 ||| This book is a paradox. Enigmatic. Percy's characterization is perfect: Where the tragedy comes from is a mystery. Not so with the comedy. Read it. Or, start reading--the book will take care of the rest. Toole killed himself at the foot of the street I live on in Biloxi, MS. I wish I could have been there when he looped the garden hose from the exhaust pipe through the window into the car. I would have begged him not to give in to the depression. To write, more. Much, much more.
2 ||| Deadly China Hero is a poorly edited version of the original Last Hero in China. I'm glad so many people like it but it lacks about 15 minutes of the original movie and they are the minutes that make it a cohesive movie instead of a jumble of martial arts fights. This taking of a classic martial arts movie, chopping it up, and then releasing it under a different name has got to stop! People deserve the chance to see the original movies!
0 ||| I was really looking forward to reading this, and was disappointed. The Samurai Cat series has gone way downhill since the first three books.I got sick of the constant authorial intrusions, and some of the punning scenes were more painful than amusing.I think readers would be better off getting the first book from a used bookstore than buying this.
2 ||| This is a great thing if you like a frequently broken thing, which comeswith some cheap extra stuff.
1 ||| Saw the poor reviews, decided to give it a shot, LOVED the first third. Went down from there. Ending typical Hollywood crap: Excessive car chase, no dialog, typical ending. Advice: Try to get it for free, watch ~1/2, and be satisfied.
3 ||| She loved it when she opened it on her birthday. Now I want to watch it lol. It looks exciting.
0 ||| Ordered this set for my grandma, it showed up 3 days before christmas and the main perfume bottle was cracked and had leaked every where.Wouldnt recommend buying from the seller, should have just went to jcpenny in the first place.
1 ||| Having been so impressed with the original "Megatrends," I was very much looking forward to this edition. Unfortunately,the authors' crystal ball failed too often this time around to inspire much confidence. One major flaw, I think, is that there is much less content analysis used in tracking these trends and far too much fluff in the way of interviews and anecdotes. Too, in "Megatrends," statistics were used to back up forecasts derived from content analysis. Here statistics and surveys seem to be the sole basis for the forecasts. Perhaps the authors' thought the original work was too dry, or perhaps they were just trying to capitalize on a winner with a quick and dirty follow-up. In any case, this book was not nearly as insightful, or useful
3 ||| to be honest, this album is better than average. there are some good songs like "rain fall down" and "back of my hand" however there are some bad ones like "biggest mistake". the stones are my favorite band and they have been producing great songs over the years. all in all, the goods songs on this album out weigh the bad ones so this album is a must have for any stones fan. ignore the reveiws that say this album is terrible because its no but at the same time, i dont think this is a 5-star album like let it bleed or beggers banquet.
2 ||| I really love this series but am disappointed in the DVD set. The picture quality is mediocre at best and doesn't show the great photography which made the original programs so appealing. The discs were very difficult to remove from the case, and you have to be careful not to damage them when taking them out. One of the hubs which held the DVD's in place broke off after the set was played only a few times. I wonder why a better DVD set of this series wasn't made for our region. This is not an expensive set if you can get it at a reduced price, but one wonders if it is really worth the money when other nature documentaries which are just as good have been released on better material. If you like David Attenborough and want to see one of his best documentaries featuring birds you will want to own this set, but you might be very disappointed in its quality.
2 ||| final season was so- so. the best seasons was 1-7, than after that was so-so, and smallville didn't go out on a high note
3 ||| Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta are at some of their best here and in their prime. If you like Musicals, it's worth the time spent watching it.
4 ||| Wonderful edition of the book! Would highly recommend it. It really brings out the Christmas spirit. Everyone should read it
4 ||| As a Mario fan born in the 80's, this movie is an instant classic in my book. Absolutely loved it, and would recommend it to anyone looking for something fun to watch, especially if you want to show your kids some of the cool things to come out of your generation.
1 ||| Sorry to say I got only about 100 pages into this book before I abandoned it. I really wanted to like it because the premise was intriguing --- ordinary girl from Indiana gets scholarship to an elite boarding school on the East Coast, but unfortunately the characters never sprang to life. The writing itself was pretty good, but I had to keep reminding myself that this was supposed to be about kids in high-school, not college, since the characters spoke and acted more like 18 than 14. This had bothered me all the way through, but when the main character Lee said something about someone "sporting a mustache", I gave up. So many books, so little time.
3 ||| But then, I've got a bit of a "thing" for Jimmy Fallon, so perhaps my opinion is colored by my affinity for him..!I did think this movie was very, very funny. There were some very surprising twists, and some scenes that were so ridiculously funny, they carried the movie.The EXTENDED play version was a little boring, however... I normally love the "director's cut" versions of movies, as I'd rather see more - but in this case it created too much time between the really funny parts.I really thought Queen Latifah and Jimmy Fallon were hysterically funny. My kids saw this 4 times in the theatre. I saw it once, then got the DVD as soon as it was available. I do recommend the shorter version if you have the option.
4 ||| This album is one of favorites.... It very up lifting music and it songs is different and enjoyable... I love her music!!!! Her music has change my life in so many ways as I have growth with it for this 7 seven year of my life... Its another great album, straight out of Bahia... Axe Axe... Viva carnaval brasileira.... Eu te amo voce Daniela....
4 ||| I just love this book! The movie was awesome too! Cary Elwes is amazing! LISTEN UP! S.Morgenstern is a REAL guy! He wrote the book. William Goldman abridged it. Don't listen to the bull from the other reviewers about S.Morgenstern being a figment of William Goldman's imagination. He's not. By the way, Florin and Gilder are made up but that was the name of the currency they used back then. I'm proud to say that I know all about it because I've watched the movie so many times.
0 ||| I believe that my title says it all but I will add a little more. If you have read this book you might have noticed that the main charactor, Eragon, is knocked out during all but one battle scene. From this I conclude that the author is a wimp and is too frightened to write out the details of a battle. Don't read this book and read the Tolkien books instead.
4 ||| I love this CD and I was delighted to find it again, Sybil has a great voice and I enjoy listening to this CD at work and in my truck.
0 ||| Deceptive, this is a book with a strong religious content. It assumes the reader has a strong reliance in God to solve his/her anger issues.
1 ||| I remember GET SMART with fondness and loved watching it with my dad in the 60's-early 70's, so I guess I was expecting too much from this film and I actually left the theater about 40 mins. in. It just was not funny. It tried hard with the gadgets, and quips from the TV show, but for me it just didn't connect at all. I'm not being critical, just honest.
0 ||| Charles Dickens.......when the name comes to mind at first we think of a great author, but this absolutely pointless book disgraces his name. It brings me down to the point of feeling sory for the trees to which this book had to be printed. This book is entirely over-rated and just due to dicken's reputation for great work, we're supposed to just read the trash and nod our heads? Absolutely not. This book might be interesting to someone chained to a palm tree on a deserted island but to the remaining other i would tell them to not waste their time by reading this book.
0 ||| This product has the most difficult programming instructions I have ever seen. Even changing the clock time (which you have to do 2X per year) proves to be a major challenge requiring the manual. The manual also must have been translated from Chinese as it is also difficult to understand...even for someone like myself with a technical degree! I tossed the product out after 6 months.
4 ||| I purchased this for my husband (he's seen an ad for it and mentioned it) and it's wonderful! Easy to use, super sharp and it really cuts down on peeling time. We use it mostly for potatoes and it just couldn't be easier. It's so tiny, you wouldn't think it would work well... but it fits your hand perfectly, is lightweight and so much better than traditional peelers. Oh yeah, it has a nice safety strip you can replace when you store it in your drawer... no accidental cuttings that way!
1 ||| The best thing about Morey's book is the Recommended Reading list at the end. Too bad he didn't study some of the books he listed. John Howard Yoder could have helped him tremendously. For the most part he omitted the most significant pacifists of the twentieth century. Yet he claims to offer a rebuttal to a position he doesn't remotely understand.This ill considered little book is filled with poorly examined assumptions. If you are looking for a thoughtful and biblically insightful defense of war , this is not it. But if you want a shallow piece of work that may reinforce your prejudice, When Is It Right To Fight? may be exactly what you have in mind.
2 ||| I bought this book about 18 months ago and followed everything recommended by Steven Cummings. I had not grown a bit until I started to work on the other program (from another book). Also I would point out that it was not easy to follow everything, especially by comparing to another program I'm working with right now, especially for a girl.
1 ||| I ordered 3 of these to replace 2 that I've had for nearly 15yrs. What I received were particularly cheaply made - poor effort knockoffs of the original 'CornerSpray' that is pictured.The product shipped is not labeled in any way, nor does it appear to be capable of spraying in a square pattern for right angle corners either. Particularly lightweight unlike the originals, cheaply painted & not powder coated, plus the typical last only 1-2yrs quality plastic couplers.No Star rating.Ace Hardware can do much better than this.Returning tomorrow.5/19/11 Update. Fast response to my request to return, but it cost $12 shipping to return, plus the original $9 shipping when ordered.This all could have been avoided with some truth in advertising that consists on accurate picture of the actual product carried plus a more accurate description of this predictable 'Made in China' product.
0 ||| This movie has got to be the worst movie of 2003--the acting is terrible - the movie is slow and boring--I only saw it because it was the movie being shown during my air flight to Hawaii and the 2 yr old kid in the seat behind me was crying loud and screaming during the 5 hr flight and I needed the ear phones to drown it out--My question is: Who ever thought that Kate Hudson could act? She has got to be one of the worse actors around--no emotion-no thought-whatever-she is the same in every movie I have seen her in--terrible--My suggestion is avoid this movie at all costs-even for rental-you will be glad you did.
4 ||| OK, heres the deal, when a negative review has this statement in it, "Commodus was badly depicted, Roman annals usually depict him as" you know it isn't a "Movie" review, but rather some wanna be historian that wanted to watch a documentary.Taking this film for what it is, A MOVIE!!!!!, it is near perfection.Characters have to be created in a movie to inspire reactions by the viewer. It isn't a documentary, nor has it EVER intended to be.Now, on a personal note, we need to get this thing released on Blu Ray ASAP.
2 ||| After only a week, I clearly noticed a memory improvement. But Darn! I am also allergic to one of the ingredients because it caused a rash on both sides of my torso. It took a while to clear up after I discontinued. So now I'm trying out Standard Poors Ginko version -- so far no rash :)
3 ||| This is a fantastic movie....I would buy it in a second...all those features and commentary sound wonderful but I wont buy this DVD until it comes out widescreen.
1 ||| I made the effort of actually order the dvd-movie from amazon to do everything correctly according to the law. I was very disappointed when the dvd was delivered and it had another region code than in the region I live in (and ordered from). I took for granted amazon took care of this problem. The movie is good (if I could see it) but the handeling from amazon in this case is poor, in relation to my expectations. They expected me to know that there are region codes and that they are different in US and Europe. I would have wanted to know this, since the product is absolutely useless for me.
3 ||| I love this fan. We bought it years ago and have never had a problem with it. It's pretty simple to figure out. It has three settings: High, medium, low. This is great to put in a window to circulate some fresh air. It runs pretty quietly on the low and medium settings but can get a little loud on high (which is kind of expected).Overall, this is a purchase I have not regretted. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a durable fan. You could probably find it a lot cheaper in a local store. I got mine at Dollar General.
3 ||| I LOVE Coldplay! But this isn't all that incredible. The two new songs are great and might be worth the price of admission if you're a die hard fan. Otherwise steer clear if you've got the two studio albums. The LIVE versions are really no great shakes. I remember when they came around on this tour and I DELIBERATELY didn't go because I KNEW they'd just repeat the stuff LIVE as is. The ticket price was waaaaaay overblown and mostly because the show was at a corporate, elitist BS venue, but I wasn't paying it. Not for Coldplay. Not now. This LIVE package proves my intuition correct.They're going to get a LOT better as time goes on. I can feel it. They've got a lot of songwriting to do and they're a GREAT band! The LIVE release is just a little too soon. Let them develop fully with a back catalog to pull from before releasing this. There are much more horrible purchases you can make, but I wouldn't put this at the top of my list.
2 ||| this is the last good album by oasis...DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, MY BIG MOUTH and ALL AROUND THE WORLD are good tracks, but most of the album are not inspired like the first 2 oasis album...After be here now i totally lost my interest in oasis...Their live shows most be the worst shows ever...Some good rock songs, but the completelly static posture os liam and the TOTAL boring posture of the band...Man, try BLUR or BUSH...It's from england too, from the same time but is WAY WAY BETTER...
1 ||| This is a novel first published under a different name, and after reading it I conclude he did so because he or his publisher realized it was not up to the Koontz usual standard. A basic chase story, only there's no real reason why the pure kid was picked out to be chased. I'd pass on this one, and head for Odd Thomas instead, a real Koontz novel.
3 ||| This game is a fun racing game, although when I bought I didnt know that it is only a one player game....you can play others online, but not play multiplayer so that is the only downside, other than that its fun to race and the crashes are pretty neat.
0 ||| Very bad movie.....the actors...the script ....very poor...I am disappointed. If I can I will return de movie.Tessie Martinez
2 ||| It is too small. It will barely accommodate a Chardonnay bottle, with no room for a cooling pack. It is too short for a Riesling bottle. Otherwise looks good.
4 ||| I've had the pleasure of seeing Ryan perform around Los Angeles a couple of times now. I randomly came across his name on the internet and decided to check him out. I am very glad that I did. He has a great voice and has a knack for writing some great songs. His first single "On The Way Down" definitely showcases his talents. It's a fun, catchy song. I am expecting this to jumpstart his career. The other two songs "Let's Take Our Time" and "True" are also as good. I am really looking forward to his debut CD. If you like artists such as John Mayer, Howie Day, Matt Nathanson, Matt Wertz, etc. then Ryan Cabrera is for you. Check him out.
3 ||| Shawnna is the best female in the game hands down, but this album was a bit of a dissapointment there is no personal music and it is nothing but club music, but still A MUST HAVE!!!
3 ||| If you like a dark comedy then this one will definitely have you laughing. It is really funny to see Ed Norton as a gullible and naive children's show host and Robin Williams does a great job as the evil and washed up children's show host. The shipping was fast and the company represented their product honestly.
4 ||| This album doesn't have much potential for radio singles, and as most of you know, Pearl Jam doesn't care. This may be Pearl Jam's best album ever overall. None of the songs would make it in my top five Pearl Jam songs of all time (Maybe Thin Air), but this album doesn't really have any bad songs.
2 ||| The comforter looks very pretty, but it feels like paper and it makes a crackling noise. Since it says it is machine washableI am going to try to see if washing will stop the noise.
2 ||| The material of the jeans is very rigid, the packets are usefull, but to tell the truth I don't like this jeans. It has a very loose fit, it looks very old fashioned on me. It cost me anouther 5dollars by taking it to a tailor to correct the shape. But after the correction it is still not my taste. May be beacuse of the rigidity of the material.It worths the price but I won't choose this kind of fit again.
2 ||| First I have to say I am disappointed that I ended up buying a Drama Audio CD instead of a OST. While I love the Karin Anime, spending the money on something I do not fully understand is a bit aggravating.All that aside, I'm sure the CD will be a treat to listen to. It unfortunately means my imagination will be in overdrive most of the time trying to create some semblance of what is happening.If you are a devoted Karin fan who likes collecting Japanese Audio Drama CDs, this is for you.If you're looking for the actual Background Music to the Karin series, you'll have to look elsewhere. You could start with www.play-asia.com. However, with Amazon.com always updating and changing, you may be able to find what you're looking for.Enjoy! ^_^
3 ||| This is our third child, so I have tried a lot of diapers. I was debating between the Pampers and the Huggies, but for this size the pampers have not been impressive. They do not absorb well, so it seems that our little guy has a lot of leaks along the top in front. Ordering the diapers to be delivered to the door was great, though, good price speedy shipping definitely recommend!
2 ||| The story wasn't bad, it's just that the book ended abruptly. There was no resolution to the main story line and no "respectfully yours" comment at the end. I felt like someone grabbed the book out of Sue Grafton's hands and sent to the publisher.
3 ||| I think the giver is a great book for any person over the age of 11.It is most interesting for the 6th and 7th grade.It involves confusing literature,tough vocabulary and a perfect world. This is about a boy named Jonas who is getting a little disgusted with the way these people live.So you should read this book and see if you have the same idea as they do for a perfect world.I think your ideas will differ from theirs!
0 ||| Every page of this Kindle book contains multiple errors: punctuation, formatting, spelling. It's distracting and very disappointing. I can't even enjoy reading it.
2 ||| The cats who are programming the tracks on this album are:1) Drinking way too much coffee...or... 2) Can't program/or produce to save their livesThis album is so fidgetty, so nervous and so random in it's concept, that it took all my energy just to survive one listen. It's really hard to stomach.This is the same "cut and paste" disposable R&B that seems to be polluting the airwaves these days.In contrast, check out TLC's Fanmail...it has alot of jittery, nervous stuff going on, yet it's balanced by some incredibly creative productions including hard core rap, techno R&B and a couple of Babyface cuts. The TLC girls also reveal many sides of themselves where as the Destiny's Child ladies.....just WHINE!
3 ||| I really enjoy this DVD. I wanted to learn the swing from the 50's and refresh my memory on the dances of the 60's. Christy does a quick review of the 60's dances but spends time on the swing. Now, if my husband would just learn to be a good lead. LOL The only negative thing that I can say is about the price. Too expensive but I ordered it because it was just what I wanted.
3 ||| I definitely agree with one sentiment,,I read the book, (this one and Salem's Lot, scared the B'Jesus out'a me!) you want to read "Pet Sematary" in the daylight! Same with watching this movie! I'm like "do not go up to the Mic Mac Burial Ground" well crafted creepy horror fare!
2 ||| Was looking for a good "wired" mouse for my MacBook Pro that was deadly accurate. Have several wireless versions but grew tired to changing batteries. Did some research on the net and found the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 came very highly recommended for graphic professionals.The Intellimouse is loaded with a host of features you can read about in the product description and those do not disappoint. However personally, I found the mouse to be fairly large and bulky for my size hand. Feels uncomfortably large. The wheel in the center has a rough "clunk, clunk" when you rotate and is not smooth at all.Otherwise, the mouse performs as advertised.
3 ||| Confirming what most of the previous reviews have reported..this 2 disc set really is a great mix by Above/Beyond with lots of uplifting tunes, beats, and melodies. I would go as far as saying that there are no bad tracks on this entire mix. If you're a fan of trance, anything by AvB or PvD, or are looking to get into trance, I would suggest this Volume 5 mixed by Above and Beyond.
2 ||| My oldest grandson picked these out so I ordered for one of his Xmas gifts. They arrived and look exactly as he wanted.You can't beat the price!!! Another gift crossed off.
1 ||| I purchased this book because the World of Christopher Columbus was SO good, and this title wasn't available at our local library. As a homeschooling mom and big fan of William Penn and all that he stood for, I thought this would be a good addition to our home library. First of all, the size is smaller. Also the format is different, and there are typographical errors in the book. It does have good info, but definitely not what I was expecting from a Foster book.
2 ||| As expected. Matches the promised time of shipment. Simple package, no bubble wrap,just a box with items in plastics
4 ||| great poetry, jim at his best. ray at his best with his jazzy organ sounds, robby and his bottleneck guitar sound great.. and of cource john.. great in L.A. woman.. i am a drummer.. i could never do that!
0 ||| This is one of those times when the average viewer who likes a program and spends some,but not all of their time glued to every episode,wants to know that they have seen it, at least once, through to the end. Then because LIFE happens you know you never got to see how they ended it. Even in rerun,they very seldom run an entire series in order, through to the end, so I am reading reviews about Season 6 and how it wasn't as good etc. except for the last 2 episodes, you know the FINALE. Well, this will be the last time I don't do my homework as other reviewers stated. This is not the last 2 episodes and these 2 episodes are not even written well. What a needless deception and it puts a real bad taste in my mouth and wallet about buying any part of the Series. Catherine
1 ||| While I don't expect literary perfection in a tecno/spy/military thiller, Clancy's work in "Rainbow Six" is poor enough to insult the itelligence of even his most die hard fans. While the over the top portrayals of the environmentalist-wackos were entertaining, they were overshadowed by the weak develpment of a shallow and repetitive plot. The poor quality of the book's editing make it clear that this book was rushed to market to satisfy the expected ( and,no doubt, realized ) demand. It appears,( to use a metaphor that is repeated three times in the first half of the book ) that Clancy gave no more thought to the crafting of this book than to "zipping his fly".
2 ||| Most people tie the "granny" knots on everything, this field worthy guide will show you some of the basic knots.
1 ||| The commentary and deleted scenes narrated by Stallone are worth the rental or purchase of this DVD. The movie stinks, but what the movie was supposed to be is very good and moving. Stallone takes you through the entire "writers/actors" cut and you see a real story with interesting characters and movtivations develop.The "real" reason Stallone is called up by the Burt Reynolds character is touching, dramatic and true. It is ashame that people who saw this movie in the theaters never got to see this.Editing ruined this film.
2 ||| Fabiola was a major international success when it was released abroad in 1947. Boasting gigantic sets, crowds of thousands and a stellar international cast-Fabiola told its story of Christian martydom in 150 minutes. With its massive recreation of the Colisseum, gladiatorial bouts, the Christian persecution. It was a sight to behold. In 1951 Hercules producer Joe Levine took the original film, edited it down to 89 minutes and dubbed it into English--just to get the jump on MGM's massive Quo Vadis which basically covered the same territory. Fabiola is better in its original running time--even in black and white. This is the grindhouse version. Beware.
3 ||| This was an interesting B movie but the print used is really bad. Lighting levels jump from bright to so dark you cannot see the actors. In the first twenty minutes of the film almost every scene would run about 5 seconds and then start over again.Shemp Howard's part is over blown as he is only on camera for a few minutes but it was interesting to see him as a bad guy and not the Stooge I've always known him.There was an interesting set of scenes at the boardwalk showing some of the attractions from the mid-30's in Atlantic City, NJ. These and the other shots showing life at the resort city were the best reasons to watch this film.
1 ||| I purchased this router with the DLink DWL-G132 USB adapter. I could achieve a "Good" signal (3 out of 5 bars) when located in the same room with the router. At a distance of 20 feet, the signal strength fell to low. At my target location the signal was "Very Low" or dropped. I tried various configurations, and even purchased a high gain antenna, but the signal never improved. I replaced it with a Linksys router (WRT54GS) using the same adapter and the signal was "Excellent" (5 of 5 bars) in the same room and in my target location, the signal was "Very Good".
2 ||| This book draws on many resources that are not easily available. It paints pictures of mature cultures that thrived and died before Columbus "discovered" this land. We need to learn the observational skills that helped them understand the enviorment and use it well. Failure to do so spells the end of cultures.
4 ||| Links LS is a God send to golf fanatics of all ages. The realism is uncanny and the play is almost as good as being there. The game is easy to play and even offers lessons on how to play better. This software also has internet play built right in. You can play on-line tournaments or even one-one play at The Gaming Zone. Microsoft also sells add on courses that makes you feel like a pro. You couldn't get on these PGA courses in real life, but with Links LS you are there! Don't worry about the software going out of date. I previously owned LS 99 and decided to upgrade. To my surprise, Microsoft offered a $15 rebate if you owned a previous Links LS version. You will be amazed at this game. If you are trying to decide between Tiger's Game or any other sim game, wonder no more. This game is IT!
0 ||| I watched the first three and each declined in quality as they came out. The actors have aged quite a bit and look very different now and that does not help the horrible script or the silly performances. I mean, the joke is over and no adult could possibly find any reason to watch the next one. UGH!
2 ||| The movie was grade Z budget. They used that junky digital camera stuff to make it. I rented it because it had a cool cover but when I saw the first few seconds and saw how cheap it was I almost shut it off. But I didn't and was strangely entertained by it. The last half hour was dumb but if they had a budget and a little more talent this movie might have been pretty good. The Scarecrow looked cool though.
2 ||| This was bound to happen. After the brilliant "Songs for the deaf" they release "Lullabies to Paralyze". Why do I say "they"? There is no "They" anymore. There's only Josh Homme with some session-musicians. Songs for the deaf had Nick Olivieri, Mark Lanegan and Dave "bleepin'" Grohl! Nick Olivieri's absence takes away their edge, Mark Lanegan only sings the intro, and well the new drummer is NO DAVE GROHL!!!The sound leans toward the Debut album. But it's not as good as the debut album either.I think it could have been a lot better if only Nick had stayed, I mean everyone knew Grohl & Lanegan wouldn't stay permanently. But losing Olivieri? He gave them that edge. Homme is more of a "tripper". As we can hear on this album. Still I like the single "Little Sister" and there are more catchy tunes here. But it should have been credited as a Josh Homme solo album.
3 ||| Yes, this was the clearest and sharpest Blade Runner I have seen. For that reason I think it is worth having in your collection. But my set only came with one DVD and the only feature it had was an Introduction that explained how they made it a cleaner copy. The other times I had seen Blade Runner it was always very dark. Perhaps this was the way it was intended to make the viewer sense how dark they thought the future would be. This one seemed to cut off some of the ending. Because it seemed to me when Harrison Ford left with Rachel they were leaving the city for the country and he was talking about how she had a normal life span v.s. the four years. But maybe I read this somewhere. I did feel disappointed when they got in the elevator and that was it. Worth the money, if you can get it cheap.
2 ||| Does anyone know his address? I gots to tell him that those WMDs he was searching for over in Iraq was right here on Amazon.com all along!
4 ||| MR.POPPERS PENGUINS a phenomenal book hilarious written by Richard and Florence Atwater. This book is great. It is about a man called Mr. Popper, a house painter who loves the artic. He also wants a penguin as a pet. This great realistic fiction book. I loved it because it's humorous because of the penguins in showbiz. I recommend it for all ages.
3 ||| My son loved his new sheet set and loves his bedroom now because of his Scooby Doo bedding.
4 ||| Before you condemn comic books, you must read Sandman.Even my mother likes this series! As for me, I thinkWorlds' End is one of the best of the Sandman storyarcs (closely rivalled by Brief Lives) simply becausethe characters are so extraordinary - and yet so human.From the envoy of the fairies to a girl masquerading asa boy in the last days before the steamship, everyprotagonist in this collection of tales is engagingbeyond superficial levels. The artwork is as varied anddelightful as the stories themselves. Newcomers toSandman may find this collection somewhat harder goingthan the others; Worlds' End is rather more abstract inmaking its point than are the other collections. Definitely,however, worth reading.
2 ||| I was delighted to get a copy at last.It started of fairly well,getting realy hard to read toward the end.Being such a long time hunter in the African bush I wondered why he could not fill the book with his exciting experiences.Which I am hoping he must have plenty. One thing I must mention here I am sure John Taylor is a proffessional butthroughout this book I am greatly disturbed abouth his continiues comments good and bad about the other great elephant hunters.I personaly think that,it takes a lot away from this book and its reading pleasure.
0 ||| my review is simple. this company never sent me my cd so this review is horrible. i lost money and have not been compensated for it.
2 ||| I was reluctant to invest in a blanket specifically for swaddling, but after a few weeks of making due with regular blankets, I tried the SwaddleMe wrap. While it is reasonably priced, cute and easy to use, my little guy found it easy to "escape", both from the size-appropriate blanket, and from the smaller size. I just couldn't keep his arms secure or tightly wrapped. Swaddling at night makes all the difference for my baby, so I'll continue to do it, but I'm back to my low-tech system: receiving blanket and tape.
0 ||| i'll be honest, i haven't listened to this album in like 2 years, but i do know it's probably my least favorite work by him. it's a follw-up to an album he did in 1994 called aftersolstice, which is quite remarkable. this however, is not. i remember putting it on after i got it and it took about 5 minutes before i could even hear a sound. then a bleak drone built up for about 2 minutes, and just when it sounded like it was getting going, it stopped. then it was silent for the next 10 minutes or thereabouts.in all there are about 5 sounds on this disk. i respect minimalism n' all, but this is rediculous. i think he overedited, is all. i'm sure he was just going for a certain feel, and i just don't want to be patient and wait for the 5 3-minute blurbs of interesting sound that come in about every 10-15 minutes. oh well.
2 ||| What goes up must come down.... It happened to Elvis, Michael Jackson, and the list goes on and on!even the Beatles in 1969 came tumbling down! This CD proves it.. worn out mad Beatles. Please give credit to Paul and Ringo however for putting out "Let It Be" Naked ...which did save this period for The Beatles.
3 ||| MOST INFORMATIVE. FIND THINGS U MIGHT THINK YOU KNOW AND IF YOU DONT DO A LOT OF RESEARCH ON RELATIONSHIPS THIS IS SOMETHING YOU PROBABLY WOULD NEVER NO OR UNDERSTAND IF YOU DONT READ THE BOOK
4 ||| Great hat that fits even larger size heads. I purchased this for my 16 year old and she loves it! Great colors that really bring out the detail of the knitting. She also likes that it is lined so it stays in place and is less itchy than most out door hats! Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a new ski/winter hat!
2 ||| Tory Bodeen has returned to the small town in South Carolina where she grew up. Tory was the daughter of an abusive father and a mother that stood by her husband. Her best friend, Hope Lavelle, was the daughter of a well-to-do family. After Hope was murdered, Tory eventually left her family and set out on her own. Tory has also been gifted with psychic powers; "the sight", her grandmother called it. Now Tory is a grown woman and she's come back to her old home, moved into the house where she grew up on the Lavelle's property, and is opening her own business. Now she must learn to face the animosity of some, and the gossip of others, make her place in the town she once called home, and face the circumstances of Hope's death. She must discover who the murderer is, or she may be next.
4 ||| This movie was in like new codition ! It was delivered in less then a week ! What a great deal a disney movie in great condition and less then $10 !
2 ||| While I know that many elements of this story would be impossible to duplicate in real life, it does make one think about what life could be like if the government overstepped its boundaries.It was a very good story and I had no trouble staying interested. It's just leaving me more thoughtful and melancholy than I thought it would. The thought of the government controlling lives to that extreme is pretty disturbing.
2 ||| I know many people swear by Pampers and I did find their fit to be very pleasing BUT both of my children had significant allergic reactions to the light scenting added to these diapers. For parents of babies with sensitive skin these may not be the diapers for you.
0 ||| When I received this cap I thought I was getting a letter. The cap was crammed into a flat envelope. Terrible quality,very flimsy brim. Awful item. I don't know where the positive reviews came from. This is a cap I will NEVER wear. In fact it went from the envelope it came from straight into the trash where it belongs. Very bad buying experience would not ever buy from this seller again. This is NOT a military cap. It's a crap cap made in China.
4 ||| Easy gift to give and long lasting read! My son-in-law really likes this one so much that we got it for him again.
2 ||| I preordered the cd back in May, and think its fair to say I shoulda saved my money. With the exception of The Motto (track 5) and Turn (track 7), theres hardly a listenworthy track. This may not be Meth's fault from what I hear, something about def jam wanting a more commercial type record, but its still a weak effort. His cameos seem stale except for Raekwons, and who knows what missy, busta, or snoop dogg are doing on his tape. Track 5 and 7 sound like some of the older wu solo tracks, which I think are the only songs worth listening. Do yourself a favor and just download those two and skip the rest.
3 ||| I liked it but wanted to like a whole lot more. I read the books out of order and perhaps if I hadn't done that, I'd have a better appreciation for character development, etc. I still recommend this and "The Devil's Company" and perhaps if I have time to re-read the three books in sequence, I'd give all three five stars. Don't let this keep you from reading the book...just try to read them in order.
1 ||| Grendel's previous album, "Prescription:Medicide," sounded like an overly-distorted Embryodead-era Wumpscut (if you don't believe me, go back and listen to track 1, "Construct Constriction," and then go and listen to the title track of Embryodead. Hear it now? Good). After the noteworthy "Soilbleed" EP, they have now progressed to...bland, uninteresting harsh EBM. It's not that anything about the album is particularly bad, but rather that it doesn't really stand out with any sound of its own. The synth lines are reminiscent of a dozen bands and just about every recent club-friendly release. The vocals are also the stereotypical distorted scream/sing/speak that gets tiresome by track 2. The programming is just varied enough to guarantee that a human being was involved in the creative aspect at some point, but not interesting enough to merit any serious attention. Great filler music but otherwise wholly unremarkable.
3 ||| This is a good Bible for older elementary aged kids. There are great stories and illustrations as well as facts about life during biblical times. The only problem is the type face is really small, my guess is that it is about 6pt. type.
4 ||| I first saw this movie when I was very young. My younger brother and I absolutely adored it, and we watched it quite often. Now, I am a music teacher for children between the ages of 12 and 18 -- I started out showing the movie each year for a holiday treat, but because the students were so positively responsive to it, I am now using it as a teaching tool in my general music classes. The humor behind the cars, dough-guns and "adult world" does a great job of masking the fact that this movie is, in fact, a MUSICAL! Some of my students are in my class for several years, and when it's time for me to get this movie out again, they really do get quite excited. Bugsy Malone is great entertainment.
4 ||| I was actually an extra in this film. During production the film was called "Detention". The director and everyone in the cast did an amazing job putting this movie together in the short time that it took. When I finally saw the finished version on television I was stunned at how mesmerizing this film actually was and I was there for the filming of most of it. There are several really good actors and actresses in this film and this is a most see kind of movie. Enjoy!
2 ||| I was forced to read this for english because apparently that's what it takes to be somebody in life. (Sarcasm at its finest.) I would rather stare at a Big Mac than read this book, and I can't stand McDonalds. Obviously, no one will read this book for pleasure, or at least no one I want to know. It's your money. Do what you want with it.
3 ||| This is a really great mix album, even though I am two years too slow in buying this. I keep hearing the tracks via Slacker player, and more than three or four have caught my attention. So I tired out the previews on Amazon MP3 and a lot more seemed to hit the right target. Currently I have around 20 or so tracks rated 3 stars or higher on iTunes so this should go some way to summing it up, especially considering I'm fussy when it comes to trance. Overall: worth getting.
1 ||| Dune is an amazing journey, and anyone who has thought of reading definitely should. However, I want to know why the Kindle version is more expensive than any other version?! I'm starting to get REALLY sick of all this. Well, Amazon got their $189 out of the person who bought the Kindle itself for me, but they sure won't get any more money from me for books that are outrageously overpriced.
2 ||| I really expected a better quality it's sewing is really bad and it's made from very cheap material, but what compensated me is that my son didn't mind; he was just happy to carry a Harry Potter backpack.
0 ||| This is a worst diaper I ever used for my kids. I bought this just to try , because of its price. This diaper is like a tissue paper. easily tear
0 ||| I need needle point tweezers and that's what I tought I was getting. These are not what I expected, especially from Tweezerman. I'm disappointed in these.
2 ||| Although most feel that it's well written and great, I wasn't able to get into it too well. My advice...Try it out...I feel better for having read it.
4 ||| Jim the Boy by Tony Earley is a wonderful novel...beautifully written, poetic without being overblown or contrived, moral without being preachy. I recommend it highly.
4 ||| As far as world civilization textbooks go, this one proves to be the most useful. The book spans from Paleolithic icemen to the industrialized peoples of the 20th century all around the world. Included are timelines within each chapter summarizing major events for the chapter. They are short and to the point. Lovely and helpful pictures appear on every page. As a person reads through this book, the begin to be able to make connections between social, cultural, political, and economic ideas in each civilization and then follows up on how each civilization develops throughout time. It is an excellent textbook for people who want to start studing world history.
3 ||| Shirley Temple is great in this movie and it is a wonderful family movie about how love can warm a heart. This movie is in black and white which is good but would have been better in color.
2 ||| I confess - I have not yet used this item. However, based on the use of the companion item, I cannot think that this item keeps meds cool any longer than 5-6 hours - and that is using BOTH cool packs. Again, there is NO insulation to keep the cold actually cold.
0 ||| Amazon won't tell you, and you will learn only after you pay for this Kindle title: it has no illustrations or photos and has regrouped the footnotes to the point of making them worthless. A very disappointing result for a fine book with great crime history relevance. This title should NOT be purchased for Kindle if you are expecting to receive an honest copy of the complete book! I will not trust other Kindle titles because unless you own a print copy of a Kindle title you will never know what was omitted, removed or edited to fit an obviously limted format.
3 ||| I ordered a half-dozen different pairs of Hue tights and love them all except these pantyhose. The top of the panty--where the waistband would have been--rolls down creating a thick, tight band of fabric. I phoned Hue and they graciously offered to refund the cost of the pantyhose. Great company, but this particular style didn't work for me.
2 ||| I've heard great things about this book, but it simply doesn't live up to the reviews. It isn't vivid, isn't absorbing, isn't all that interesting. It is a decent piece of period biography, and if you're interested in the Percy family or the region or time period, it might be worthwhile. Otherwise, give this one a pass.
2 ||| I heard a short segment on Stu Epperson's radio show as he discussed investments with Steven Selengut. I heard enough to prompt me to search for his book on the internet. As a securities rep. myself, Steve appears to be "right on the money". I didn't want to put the book down until I was through. Steve's trading strategy is refreshing information that should make a lot of people a lot of money with less risk. I have even contacted him with a couple of questions and was pleased with his prompt and courteous response. Thank you Steve for sharing your success with everyone. In your next book, please remember that all "advisors" are not "sharks", some of us do put our clients first.
1 ||| To be brutally honest: as a mystery novel, this is sub-par. It flounders around for almost two hundred pages where nothing much happens to advance the plot. As a glimpse into the mindset of Venetians, it was excellent. This is no gleaming Disney fantasy of sunken palazzos and romantic singing gondoliers - workaday Venice is a cold, gray, cynical place.Brunetti is struggling to do an honest job as a police investigator despite incompetence and corruption. His world is dominated by a public distrustful of the government, divided by classism, jaded by endless greed and collusion, and surprisingly, with a social stigma toward people with disabilities.No doubt these books aren't very popular with American readers - there is no Scooby Doo moment at the end where everything is tied up in a neat little bow. More time is spent on socio-political dissatisfaction than the mystery - however, as a lover of Italy, I look forward to reading more by this author.
0 ||| The first of Marilu's books, this one is padded with mumbo-jumbo and pseudo-science. The following book - 30-Day Total Health Makeover - repeats the truly essential information and provides a useful plan for a healthy diet. The recipes are tasty and healthful, and put you on track for both weight loss and a better diet without added sugar, red meat and dairy. Plus, because it contains both protein and carbs, the plan does not leave you famished. Head straight for the second book and when you're through the 30 days, get the Healthy Life Kitchen for more recipes.
4 ||| This film is filled with informative interviews which is great. This film is also subtitled. Not so great. Definately worth an afternoon. Watch this film with intention because it is filled with teachings, visual cues and subtitles.
0 ||| I did not like Spiderman 2 at all (...)! It was like watching a soap opera movie or something with no action in it. All there is, is just graphics there's not any fighting in it. Doc Ock wasn't a villian at all he was just tryin to go after Spiderman for what he did to him and all. I don't really see Tobey Maguire as Spiderman that much he just wasn't right at all. Kirsten Dunst was allright as MJ and she's georgeous. I wouldn't mind having a girl like that. James Franco would have been a better Spiderman than Tobey Maguire. Why did they had to choose Tobey? I hate Tobey Maguire and all of his movies they suck and he's also boring who never says a word. But anyways don't waste your money on this movie it's very bad. That goes along with the first Spiderman. Both Spiderman movies suck!
4 ||| Great story. I recommend it to anybody. I wish I would've read it a long time ago; I feel like I was cheated by not being told about this book series when I was younger.
3 ||| This movie has an amazing script. Every piece of dialogue becomes a line that you end up saying to your friends at a later date. Absolutely hilarious, and upon further viewings you realize just how clever this movie is. The "Damn It Feels Good To Be a Gangster" sequence was the best cinematic part, whereas the rest is just brilliant character driven fun. Definitely worth the money, but the DVD itself doesn't really pack a punch.
1 ||| I have got it with a crack in the disk when I got it and also I do not now how it play I cannot play it with the crack in the disk and yes I let them now about it nothing was done about it
3 ||| The book is fascinating and I really enjoy the ideas put forth. The analysis is very comprehensive, almost too much so at some times. The author clearly intended this book primarily to put forth a theory which would withstand peer review and, as such, spends a substantial amount of time substantiating the basic ideas.
3 ||| I love this unit in my home ran into free left and right rca inputs in my receiver. It works great and the station storage is easy to use. I am disappointed with it in my car. It broadcasts an FM signal to your car stereo and in my car the Kenwood deck has to be in one exact place to work at all and then the reception is poor. I just don't bother anymore and will get a separate car unit eventually. I wished I had saved some money and bought one without the car kit but I don't begrudge the cost since it works so well in the house.
0 ||| A heartless story of a girl named Sunny, that is truly disgusting and absurd.
0 ||| I was sadly disappointed by this film. There's an amazing amount of talent that was involved in it, and I had very different expectations. I admit, I'm a sucker for Hollywood endings and neatly packaged films. However, I also like movies that explore characters rather than follow a strong plotline.This film was a character study. The serial killer plot was really secondary to the psychological exploration of Jack Nicholson's character. However, as is a real danger with this type of movie, I found it to be excruciatingly slow and unsatisfying. Penn teases you repeatedly, making you believe that there will be a conclusion, that the killer will be caught (or at least, will kill again), then never satisfies you. By the time the movie ended, I was frustrated and saddened. If you're just looking for a two hour escape from life, you probably won't enjoy this film..
3 ||| when shopping for this headlamp, i went for a Petzl because of its reputation and my satisfactory experience owning a Petzl more than 10 years ago.it's small, light, weatherproof and more than bright enough for most tasks whether it's night walking, working around camps, or during a black-out.however, after two years of infrequent usage the band has lost its elasticity - rather too early in my opinion, and the lamp unit doesn't close properly anymore after a few inevitable drops which has broken a chip off a corner. as a result, the headlamp's weatherproofness is compromised and it doesn't hold the batteries very well anymore. for a gear designed for outdoor use, i believe it is not unreasonable to expect the built quality to be better.
1 ||| I don't want to degrade my generation or anything but this music is as much this generation as high school guys wearing girls capri pants. When i was in high school it was pennywise, blindside, fat and epitath not high pitched pop punk. where are the good old days?
4 ||| i love these old B Movies. I remember watching these films many years ago and it;s a pleasure to see them again.
3 ||| This classic film noir (the category that wasn't) novel(W.R.Burnett) turned film is a cinematic masterpiece in the film noir 'gangster' subgenre. The futility and despair evident in those artist in the wake of McCarthy and the HUAC fiasco is masterfully crafted here. Sterling Hayden easily displaces Bogey as the Dark City tough guy. Lovers of film noir or those new to the scene will do themselves well to own this classic.
4 ||| This book is absolutely incredible! I love metaphysical fiction and this book tops my list by far. F.P Dorchak not only entertains the reader, but cause them to think, contemplate and fantasize about a variety of posibilities and situations. This author caputures the reader to the degree I felt as though I was part of the mystery. This book was excellent the first time around, and if it is at all possible, it was even BETTER the second time! This book is a must read for anyone who enjoys adventure mixed with mystery with a hint of curiousity added in!!
2 ||| Professor John Friedmann presented back in 1987 this complete review of the modern traditions of social planning: how did revolutionaries, engineers, politicians, sociologists and social prophets designed human groups and resources to meet diverse kinds of goals? And what has been the role of people themselves in this adventure during the last 200 years? The information in this book is complete, the analysis deep, and the author achieves the highest level in gaining the attention of the reader. The third part of the text is a zestful and documented proposal for the recovery of the political comunity, as the way to solve the contradictions of our modern market-driven world. Philosophers, sociologists, politicians, third-sector leaders (and inteligent social-driven individuals) will find this modern planning classic of enormous help in their tasks.
1 ||| This is advertized as a pasta/asparagus cooker but arrived with no cooking instructions, no cleaning instructions and no user manual or any written documentation of any kind. Kinda chintzy considering the price.
4 ||| I bought the Halti brand first... This brand is better... has a soft piece of material that goes over the nose of your pet.. This is the best thing I could have purchased for my dogs.. It DEFINITELY WORKS... I have 2 strong-willed Boxers that try to control me... but this product is a lifesaver... Thank you, thank you, thank you !!!!
1 ||| Astonished humans watch as three Klingon battle cruisers are destroyed in a huge cloud which is on a direct course to Earth. And so James T.Kirk and crew are sent to deal with the threat.Unfortunately, for most of this film very little happens. It seems to be aimed more at '2001' fans than 'Star Trek' fans. The characters are rarely allowed to show character and some of the dialogue is pretty stupid ('it disappeared down what they used to call a black hole'). Who exactly talks like that?Good special effects and a wonderfully atmospheric score save this film from being a one-star. Thank goodness the makers of Star Trek 2 onwards knew what the series was supposed to be about.
3 ||| A good test of a movie is if the critics liked it. If they pan it, it is generally a good show.City Heat does not take itself seriously. It was shot to be entertainment. There is no great social commentary. It was written to entertain and if you permit yourself to sit back and enjoy, it does just that. It is not the greatest film ever made by any of the principals, but it is a fun and enjoyable movie. Something that is needed by all from time to time.Quit trying to be a film critic, and enjoy the show.
4 ||| Great series, love it bunches. Purchased it for a gift. Arrived quicker than expected and was well packaged for protection.
0 ||| Only had this for a week and just like the other customers stated about it freezing up, that's what it did for me and it's just what it does best. It freezes. Someone said that it can always be reset. BULL! I didn't pay what i'd paid for it to reset it time and time again. Take it from me and other customers, do NOT buy this, you will end up returning it to the store.
3 ||| Nice to see S&D finally givn the dvd release. I guess my review would be a bit biased as the part of the Stranded POW helt bent on revenge was played by my childhood Tae Kwon Do instructor Park Jong Soo. I remember a big poster for this movie hanging at the Dojo. Anyhow, worth the price for that movie itself. cheers
4 ||| I can't believe I actually bought this movie and LOVED it. I always seem to get the bad ones, but this one was simply the best. Taylor and Gabor shines in this movie!
3 ||| Chucks rock! Got these to match with my 2 and 4 year old boys. They love when we all put our chucks on together. These never go out of style.
2 ||| Being a fan of Scott and his writings, I expected much more from this book than it was able to offer. Although the actual writing of the book is excellent, conveying wonderfully the flavor and character of the times as well as the vanity of the monarchs and suitors, the plot ends abruptly with a tragic ending. Aside from altogether disliking tragedies, I found this ending a surprising disappointment because the book gave very little indication of the horrific climax which was to come. After finishing the last page, I almost felt as though I had finished reading two separate books - a romance and a tragedy
4 ||| This radio is built tough. Very heavy but solid design and waterproof.Easy to understand controls. I like this radio to monitor ship to shore.Have not tried to transmit yet. But overall great radio.
0 ||| I've been wearing Chucks for years now, but the pair that I purchased from shoezoo fell apart after 2 months. The sole of the shoe completely ripped off the rest of the shoe, and I've only used these shoes for casual walking. Pretty ridiculous.
2 ||| I started out enjoying this book about "the olden days" in the country, but after a while I began to be revolted by the constant descriptions of hunting. It's hard to see how most people who aren't hunters would really enjoy this book. Even if hunting was a near constant activity, reading about it, at least for me, started to wear thin about half way through the book. The ratio of hunting versus descriptions of other activities, or of nature itself, is about 3 to 4.
4 ||| A well done ground hog day type movie. A very well done movie, that keeps up the interest all the way through.
2 ||| I like the scan feature,I like the Weather feature.I picks up too much RF noise ie:Power line noise, engine noise
4 ||| Pretty self-explanatory. Very satisfied with this item, it's sturdy, well put-together, and grates cheese!
4 ||| Linnea is a little girl who travels with her neighbor to Paris to see Monet's paintings. Delighted by what she sees, Linnea goes with her neighbor to Giverny to see Monet's wonderful home and gardens. This delightful book has the animated Linnea prancing along in the grounds at Giverny, which are presented in photographs. She learns and explains everything she sees; her sparkling "personality" makes Monet and his art come alive for young readers. Linnea is a joy! She can be purchased as a doll as well.
3 ||| This set of short stories is similar in tone and setting to Doerr's two novels, Stones for Ibarra and Consider This, Senora. I think you're better off to read either of the novels so that you get a full feel of Doerr's beautiful writing. This collection of short stories feels like a lot of snippets that she didn't know where to fit into her novels.
4 ||| I love piano music, and this is the ultimate. It's something that you can listen to not just at Christmastime. And "Improvisation on a Theme adapted from Pachelbel's Canon in D Major" is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. It's quite a long song and it just carries you away.
4 ||| This book is very inspiring for those involved in Network Marketing. It is also helpful if you are not sure you want to do network marketing. The book provides you a map to guide you through the process from meager beginnings all the way too super success!!
4 ||| Yes, this is one of those movies you can never forget about. Most of us that grew up in the 80's remember this movie. Truly, this is one that i don't regret buying. Now that it is a part of my dvd collection, i can enjoy it over and over again. It can now be enjoyed by the next generation of kids can enjoy it as much as we all did when it came out.
1 ||| This book is alright but I feel that the author shouldconcentrate more on the plot and dispense with the puns... they'regetting irritating... I started reading xanth when I was 8 and was hooked instantly- I couldn't wait for the next book to come out! But now I think the books are getting worse and worse... frankly this is sort of a disappointment... I much prefer the earlier books.
4 ||| I bought this for my brother and he loves it. He enjoys them very much. Looking forward to other cowboy classics.
3 ||| If you have no idea how to write research report, read this book and you will have a basic concept how to start. It is a simple and easy reference for beginners. Not very thick but useful. Easy to carry with you. Also, with steps and example show you how to write term papers or reports.
4 ||| These are very nice gloves, and I was very pleased. They are well worth the money, fine comfortable leather & very good quality. These are far better gloves then you would find in the Quicky Mart. I also suggest a pair of cotton jersey gloves to be worn with these also for a fine warm comfortable feeling, if you buy these gloves, you will not be disappointed.......
3 ||| they are a little thin, but still nice for the price. the post could be a little longer for safety, but still do seem to be holding in well.
1 ||| got book really quick but paid like 7.00 dollars more to get it that quick order another book with standard shipping same time got it one day later so i won't be paying exact shipping anymore. learned my lesson
0 ||| Worked great when I had XP. Now that I've upgraded to Vista, it's a $200 paperweight with collateral doorstop duties. No Vista driver, Bummer.
2 ||| This was an upgrade to HD DVD. It was what I requested and came in a timely manner.
4 ||| As a student using this book as a text in class I find it most helpful and interesting. Not only does it vary in topic, but it also gives you insight on new methods of interesting writing. Antoher plus is the length of each story with makes for easy reading. It really does live up to its name short takes.
2 ||| This could have been a very good book but the author seems to suffer from an inability to identify with an audience that doesn't already know the material.The material is all there and if you struggle through it you can find alot of useful insights...but more times than not the struggle isn't worth it. I can't suggest getting it unless you feel compelled to collect books on Apache or are in desperate need of more documentation.
3 ||| The charactors Kept me laughing and on the edge of my seat. And Richard Chamberlain is plain hot.
3 ||| having been to the cape town concert myself, and finding it one of the most memorable occasions i have been apart of, i was a bit dissapointed with the footage shown, as in the quality of sound and footage very dark as it doesnt give a true reflection of how good the concert actually was, the second part of the dvd in zennityh, is great, even though the quality of footage wasnt great, the music was awesome and winston is the master on stage, still worth buying in my eyes
2 ||| We received this book as a gift. I like the photo illustration concept but the book content itself is disturbing. There are so many better books out there to spend your money on.
3 ||| Rachel Carson's Silent Spring is good in its factual reference Although it is very informative, to some it may seem boring. This book is very long and almost too informative. Overall it is good because it shows the actual harms of the different insecticides on human and animal populations. Also it is a good way to inform people of the long term effects of these harmful chemicals.
1 ||| WEBCam kept on freezing and needed to reboot often.It does no have a built in microphone, so one need to get a seperate mike.
0 ||| I hated this movie. SO unrealistic. Sure, maybe there are some little freaks running around raping and drinking and beating. But I AM a teenager in a city. NOBODY acts like this!What the hell is the point of this movie? To scare the crap out of parents?Also, the rape scene was vile. At first I respected the director for showing it and not shying away. A FULL MINUTE LATER, I started feeling awkward and uncomfortable. It wasn't even artistic, it was just disgusting and truly disturbing.
0 ||| The paint on the base burns off the first time you use it and it smells terrible. I also advise putting on the heat shield AFTER you attach the legs. I cut my finger because of that darn heat shield.
2 ||| This book about Japanese society is written from the point of view of an American. It is highly readable and enjoyable, but here and there are typical American's biases. If you want to know why American's way of living is different from Japanese's, this is the book for you. If you want to know why Japanese's way of living is different from Americans, look for a more intelligent book.
0 ||| In one word, a scam. This is nothing but a pitch for additional "systems" by the author. Let me give you an example. One of the line he advocates is something like "Hello you fine example of genetic perfection". Would anyone in this day and age use such a line and what type of woman would respond positively tho this question? Nuff said. Save your $$$$.
3 ||| well-written and easy to read, but degenerates into just a series of anecdotes. Why? The author has no moral compass and not only admits it, but celebrates it as a liberal virtue. "Truth depends on what race you are" he expressly says. This is not only an infinitely sad statement, but also explains why this book has no center and is all frosting and no cake. Enjoy it skeptically.
4 ||| When my english teacher told us we had to read Ethan Frome, I believed that is was going to be boring. To my surprise it was interesting and caught my attention from the start. The book had a surprise ending because Ethan ended up living with both Zeena and Mattie. In the end it was ironic because all three turned into the person they disliked. Ethan became cranky just like Zeena, Mattie became paralyzed which meant she had to depend on someone like Zeena did in the start and Zeena had to take care of Mattie like Mattie took care of her in the start. In concluson I recommend this book to readers who like sad love stories. Another thing I liked about this book is that you could picture this happening to someone in the world or like this situation.
0 ||| I've had the previous version for about a year and was happy with it - until the power cord failed. A few times I forgot the thing was attached to my laptop's USB port and jerked the cable pretty hard.So for ten bucks, I didn't hesitate to buy another. Unfortunately they've redesigned the unit (doesn't look like the picture as shown on this date) and the two fans are a lot noisier now. It looks better I guess, but the sound is going to drive me nuts until I find a replacement.Can't recommend this product.
1 ||| It's okay. I tried her recepies on basics like breads and it was bland. I think she's mixing Trini with some other culture's recepie and it's just not working too well. The way she describes ponche crema is not the simple, delicious way a Trini makes it-- We don't add cream of coconut!I should have put the money towards the Naparima Girls book. Never heard one complaint about that book from any die-hard Trini.
0 ||| As hard as this is for me to say, this is a terrible Delerium CD. A previous reviewer said the singing was the cause and I agree. I find most of the singing quite boring and often covers up some good music. The CD's only redeeming factor is the track Innocente which is fantastic. I hear this one will be released as a single so my advice is to skip Poem and buy just the single. I own many other Delerium CD's and this one just doesn't compare. Too bad.
1 ||| Gave it as a gift for someone enthused about learning German. They didn't get much use out of it. I can't offer more than that, sorry.
1 ||| I really can't believe how "melodic" (wussy) this cd was. I waited anxiously to buy it and when i did, i was so disapointed at the way SOAD changed. If the only song you liked off their first cd was "Spiders", then you will love this cd. If you preferred the real hard core metal sounds of SOAD, then I'm afraid you'll be sorry if you buy it. I hope their next cd sounds more like the first than this ... sequel.
1 ||| After having this for 6 months, I finally threw it away. It constantly would hang up on the cans, and then it was impossible to get it unstuck. Once it's stuck, good luck getting it off! If it was a standard size can without even a hint of a dent, then it did fine. I found myself fighting it more times than not. I'm now looking around for something better. I will say, it being cordless was a plus! I could put it in a drawer until I was ready to use it, and then bring it out. I charged it maybe twice, so it stayed charged a long time!
0 ||| I am so disappointed in Fisher-Price. I bought most of the imaginext toys at Christmas. My 4 yr. old loves to play with them, but they are always falling apart. He has no interest in trying to put them back together, so I have to do it. And everytime I put them back together it takes a considerable amount of time and I have to pull out the original instructions. I finally had it and decided to glue them all together ( a task which took many hours). He csn now play with them fine, but I won't be buying any of the newer Imaginext line. In fact, I am searching Ebay to purchase the older Fisher-Price Great Adventures toys!!
0 ||| PLEASE- DON'T let this whiny, selfish, humorless- and *always* scowling Helen Hunt- centered piece of garbage put you off reading Eleanor Lipman's sweet, gentle, humorous novel.This DRECK only resembles the book in title and that a few of the characters bear the same name as in the book. The resemblance dies there- not even the first few (stupid, off-putting story) lines of this dope-us are from the book.Skip this "film" and read Ms. Lipman's sweet, charmingly low-key novel.
3 ||| I love the soundtrack, but was disappointed that the songs are not ordered as they "appear" in the film. The order on the CD then seems to be completely arbitrary. Still a great CD, but I think that it could have been better if the tracks were ordered properly.
1 ||| Lucky for Ray Manzarek that he met with Jim Morrison on Venice Beach that fateful day, for his talents in film are not to be found in this banal hack-flick. They should resurrect the show MST3K for this movie alone. If you want a good laugh at Mr Manzarek's expense, see this movie, otherwise stay away. I can guarentee that Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek's idol, would have been disgusted to learn that his name was used in the opening credits as writer of this trash. Morrison did not write this script, as R.M. mentions in one of the extras sections on the dvd, but had only mentioned a scenario in passing. R.M., the forever opportunist, tries to cash in again on Jim Morrison's name. Ray Manzarek, have you no shame?
4 ||| This set is awesome. Nice and heavy, heats evenly, easy care. I highly recommend this product.
3 ||| I can't attest to any mileage differences with my 07 Malibu SS, but insofar as speed/acceleration and such, it appears to be an excellent product. If I punch it, the sound of the air rushing into the engine with its powerful acceleration seems to have justified the purchase.
1 ||| At first I thought, wow, this grinder looks so cool, how could I go wrong? Well, it turns out that coffee grinds accumulate at the top of the lid and spill out onto the counter when the top is lifted. I am sick of cleaning my countertops every time I want a cup of Joe. It also doesn't play region 2 DVDs. See kitchenaid red toaster.
3 ||| I just finished this book - I received it as a birthday gift from my sister in law who knows I love to peruse through vintage cookbooks in search of interesting dishes to try out. I have to admire people like Julie, who actually make a project out of an obsession! Unlike some other reviewers here, I enjoyed reading about her miserable and boring life outside the project. Her candor and humor about it is what makes this book interesting. If it were JUST about how to make each dish, where would the human interest be? If anything, there was TOO MUCH about the gross aspects of food prep for me! I hardly thought she used the F-word THAT much. And I never use it myself, and don't really care for the overuse of it ("Six Feet Under" now, great show, but THEY use it wayyyy too much). Also, yes, the Republican / Democrat rivalry, funny at first, got to be tiring by the end (and I'm neither party). But on the whole, a good fluffy read when you don't want something too deep!
1 ||| I endured through the entire audiobook because I finish what I start but this book had very little interest for me. First I think it's a chick book, one that women would find more interesting, second it's about a spoiled brat that thinks herself the world, with which most readers will not sympathize. Maybe the book was great in the time when it was published, but the style does not suit me for these reasons. The setting was not interesting for me: 18th century England in the countryside where nothing happens, where propriety is more important that authenticity and passion. The climax of the novel, like the contemporary English culture, is all too subtle for my taste and like the rest of the book lacks the drama that I expected from this supposed classic. In short I think other great books have lasted the test of time but this is certainly not one of them. It too easily loses your attention.
4 ||| Mostly know by the alternate title "Christmas In My Hometown", this is probably my favorite 'made for TV' holiday movie with great performances from Tim Matheson and Melissa Gilbert plus a great opening song from country singer Travis Tritt. I too wonder why this DVD drifts in and out of production. This movie seems most appropriate with today's economy.A wonderful family movie not to be missed this Christmas!Update: 09.07.12 *Great News*Looks like this wonderful movie is being re-issued for 2012 at a normal price.
3 ||| This movie makes great audio. I can't wait for Scottish Independence so we can see kilts in the Olympic Games Opening Ceremony parade. But until then, England should include a Scottish audio option on all their movies and television program(me)s. This movie comes with English subtitles. The first part is reminiscent of After Hours and the ending is a peaceful one.
3 ||| Red October is unquestionably the most entertaining of the Tom Clancy movies. Connery in particular does a nice job as the Russian sub captain and the rest of the cast is good as well. Great editing keeps the story moving without getting bogged down in unnecessary character development (let's face it, Tom Clancy characters don't generally need a lot of development). The underwater sub battle at the end is remarkably well shot--it is made clear to the viewer exactly what is happening with all three subs that are invoked.My complaint is with the picture quality of this DVD. This is a fairly recent movie, and a popular one, so there is absolutely no excuse for the grainy picture quality through much of the movie as well as noticeable white specks in many scenes, particularly the dimly lit sub-interior scenes. Home theater buffs are going to be disappointed at a transfer that really isn't too much better than VHS.
0 ||| The second time sucked though. The movie has action for the first few parts, but then it slows to a crawl. The first 20 minutes or so of the movie are really boring. As soon as we learn about Anarchy 99, the movie slows down. Seriously, when the movie isn't in an action scene it is crap. I would write more, but I don't want to waste my time.
2 ||| I had great expectations for this book,what a great concept, with the baby boomers approaching retirement age more people than ever are focusing on what number will they need in their retirement fund to retire with.Lee Eisenberg is a great writer, however this book justs drifts around lightly touching on several different aspects of retiring, where to live,what will be the needed cash flow for lifestlye needs, etc. At one point he goes through a made up family and how each family member will have different needs. The book is like a long hypothetical ramble that never examines any of the issues deep enough nor gives any real solutions or solid advice.It is like discussing your predicament with a friend.
2 ||| If you already know quite a little about Java (I mean, you have finished reading at least one whole book about Java basics), maybe this is a good book to explore the OO aspects of Java. But this book is definitely NOT for the beginners. It is crazy to use it as a textbook in an intro CS class. If you happen to be a self-study guy, it would be a nightmare.
1 ||| I've been a Robert Palmer fan for several years now and I have all of his albums. I hate to hear anything bad about his music but I find this album a bit of a let down, especially after waiting such a long time for it's release. The tracks are too keyboard orientated and this spoils it for me. The single 'True love' is exceptional as is the wonderful 'Stone Cold'(with it's great vocal arrangements). The album showcases Palmer's splendid vocal, however the songs just don't cut it. Take my advice, buy 'Honey' or 'Heavy Nova' instead.
2 ||| I wasn't overly impressed by the beginning of "The Devil Wears Prada," but a third of the way through the novel, the writing and momentum picked up and there were flashes of brilliance in some extremely well described scenes. (I found the song-dance routines Andrea had to go through with Eduardo hilarious.) The ending was anti-climatic. Surely a bright girl (Andrea) who knew the inner workings of Miranda Priestly's life could have come up with a more clever and classy way of terminating her relationship with her boss. The ending, like the beginning, was written in that annoying pseudo-sophisticated style found in many women's magazines.
2 ||| A must-have for any fan of Thrash Metal. Blacky's meat-grinding bass sound and Snake's Venom-like vocals will make you wish you were born a Voivodian. However, the production sounds somewhat inadequate. Having seen Voivod live this past summer perform two of these tracks ("Nuclear War" and "Voivod"), I thought they sounded MUCH better in concert than on the album. Still, it's WAR & PAIN!
0 ||| This movie has it all poor acting, glaring historical errors and totally unbelievable events. While I don't expect any film to be a completely accurate by any means the beginning of the film is one of the most fabricated and unbelievable retellings of why the James brothers started robbing banks. Jesse James was a hero to many people and that is accurately portrayed in the film. The acting and lines are forced and corny and the locations where it was chosen to be filmed are poor, yes mainly in Northwest Arkansas but the mountains in Minnesota were the worst. Let's just say there's a reason this move wasn't released in many theaters and only took home $50,000.
4 ||| I love this book, I have been painting for about a year and decided to start drawing my own pictures. It takes you through all the necessities. It may also be excellent for the expierienced drawer, but can't make that statement yet as I am not there yet, but this book is helping me to.
0 ||| I ordered this machine. I was very excited when it came. I followed the instructions to run the machine empty to burn off any oil residue. The machine quit half way through this. It never turned on again. I called the manufacturer. The customer service person I spoke to said "You must have burned out the motor. This happens all the time." What kind of product is this? It shouldn't be sold at all. Now I have to go through the inconvenience of returning the machine.
3 ||| I read every single entry and there's an amazing amount of typos, poorly edited entries and other mistakes. Then again, the comic book industry has never been too keen on being careful with spelling, typos and editing its works in a truly pro way. Then again, there's nothing like this book in the market, thus we are stuck with it. It can be readily improved nonetheless and its still a necessary reference work for anyone interested in the Marvel universe.
4 ||| The encounter between both superb players took place on March 29, 1964. And the Hall of Leningrad was the center of the world that historical day. Both Richter and Kogan performed Beethoven until the last days of their lives. This recital captures in all its glorythe emotion, the passion and the fire of L.V.B. with utmost accuracy and feverish Dionysian spirit.The Kreutzer version is after Szigeti and Menuhin is memorable. The Spring in hands of both, shows their flowering art. And the Op. 12 No. 3 is distinctively touching.Dear reader: this is an unrepeatable musical document. Don't miss it.
3 ||| First, if you're looking for a faithful adaptation of Isaac Asimov's story, then you will be very disappointed. Calling this movie "inspired by" Asimov's story is being nice. So avoid it if you're one of those people who must see a word-for-word adaptation to enjoy the movie. That being sad, on its own merits this is a very good movie and it's not just some summer movie blockbuster. Will Smith is, as usual, very good. The robot special effects are out of sight. The action is non stop. And the story they cobble together from Asimov's ideas is actually quite good. There were moments in this movie that were quite touching and very dramatic. Take this movie on its own merits and you will enjoy it.
4 ||| Ok so not everyone will get this but if you are looking for a great Shabbos or Yom Tov lip-gloss, this is it. Its not too thick and sticky, has a pleasant taste, its got SPF, and I am pretty sure none of the ingredients present a kashrus concern (but obviously you should find that part out from your LOR.) I use the Blistex Lip Medex everyday during the week but since its not a gloss I can't use it on the weekends. I used to use the costmetic type of roll ons on Shabbos but my lips would get SO dry. This is perfect. Totally worth it to buy the 12 pack, keep one in your Shabbos travel bag, gift them to friends, etc.I highly recommend.
0 ||| We are really disapointed with this bread maker. It is so noisey and we don't like the size of the loaf of bread. Frankly, we went back to our old one until we can find one we like. We will be sending it back.
2 ||| I did'n receive that product The Crucible in my address about in the date 7/4/09. I hope so you delivered that book .
4 ||| I thought this book was wonderful. It captured my interest right from the beginning and held it to the end. I was able to connect with the characters right away so I felt like I had a vested interest in the outcome. Karen Hawkins is a very talented writer. When I got to the end of the book I found myself wishing she would do a book on Alec's friend Lucien. I picked up the second book of hers I had ordered that day and it was about Lucien! I am reading that now and am just as enthralled with it.
4 ||| This was a gift for my little brother. It is still in its plastic case and was really a good quality action figure. I love Bossk from Empire Strikes back, this series of figures is a must for any collector or kid.
4 ||| Good movie with good story line. Just what I expected from this, good story line with live issues. Not a typical Hollywood movie.
0 ||| unlike other people who had such a wonderful experience with the book, mine was a complete disaster.The first chapter was dedicated to running the program, and modules files, in the second chapter author would give a code example and end it with comments like" we will explain the concept in later chapters" that turned me off cause if you going to use an example expalin it or give an example that's pertains with the chapter. furthermore, later chapters of the book, were written with sample code with no Explanation at all. what good is it going to do me? a code without Explanation.. Anyway i am looking for a more detailed book on python. If anyone can help me out please post a note. thanks
2 ||| This series is my first experience reading Moorcock. I am usually an avid reader, but I kept finding myself making excuses to do anything except get back to this book. The characters lack sympathy and depth. There are plenty of battles, but the plot stringing them together feels stale and sketchy. I'll probably finish the series out of sheer stubbornness, but I wouldn't recommend this book or the series to someone who is not already a fan of the author.
2 ||| For a beginner, the dialogues on the CD are spoken much too quickly! I would understand if they were spoken quickly one time to be able to hear how they would sound naturally. But then they need to be repeated more slowly so that a beginning student can try to follow along. Even the repetition phase of the CD (when you repeat after the native speaker) goes too fast. For intermediate french, this would work, but not for beginning.
2 ||| I found that this book to be much like other books written by King, and it even mirrors King's apperance in the 80's film "Creepshow", in the segment where King himself plays a character who is reduced to the "Hemingway solution" when a certain green growth overtakes his person and house like kudzu after a meteor falls. (Sound familiar?) Certain elements from "Stand By Me" (the four childhood pals), "The Stand" (telepathy and the end-game plot) and of course, "TommyKnockers" (aliens who make your teeth fall out) are also re-hashed in this novel. I feel that Robert McCammon's "Stinger" is a better novel depicting human-to-alien transformations.
4 ||| Barbara Kingsolver has stimulated the minds of readers through her book THE BEAN TREES. In the novel, 22 year old Taylor Greer, a young woman searching for a different path in life, abandons her home town in Kentucky and travels down to the sunny state of Arizona. On her way to her new adventure Taylor is given a 3 year old child, who she names Turtle, and has no other option but including her into her life. This heartfelt novel tells the story of Taylor and Turtle as they grow and evolve their lives over time in a tire shop located in Tuscon, Arizona. Reading this book made me both tear and smile from its unexpected turns and captivating adventures. As piece of literature for all age groups to relate to, it is impossible to put it down. I recommend this novel to anyone in search of an entertaining story.
4 ||| I didn't realise it was going to be such a long story ( Hard to tell the size on Kindle), but I did enjoy it once I got involved in Emma's life. I found the beginning of the story about Emma's adult life really got me in and when it switched to her early life I was annoyed because I wanted to know more. But I thought I'll read on because it will come back to where it left off. Little did I know it would be the whole book before I found out the rest.I have only read one other of Barbara's books - Letter from a Stranger. She is an excellent writer and certainly makes you part of the characters lives. I will be checking out some more of her books.
2 ||| Seems to me that another book I read by this author had many of the same themes. She writes well enough, and there are some moments in this book that I found disturbing, particularly as some of my own family members were victims of the Nazi occupation in Ukraine. They and many other survivors of the Third Reich (and of the Soviets, who were worse)have accurately reported on how many millions of Ukrainians were enslaved or murdered by both regimes. Anyway, I put this book down feeling as if this author has written much of this before. Just can't remember where. So I don't rate it as highly as some other books I have read about the Holocaust. In terms of personal memoirs I recommend Stefan Petelycky's Into Auschwitz, For Ukraine. It's the true story of a Holocaust survivor, Auschwitz #154922, and a Ukrainian patriot. Quite au contraire to the usual prejudiced stereotypes about Ukrainians as collaborators.
3 ||| SPOILER ALERTHigh interest book for middle grade readers. Some sensitive issues are covered, opening up opportunities for dialog and discussion about euthanasia, socialism, etc. If you have a reluctant reader in your family, this book may be worth looking at. My son is a reluctant reader, even with a higher than average reading level for his age. This was one of the few books he has read without a lot of nagging. However, the topics contained in this book would not make it suitable for a kid under the age of about 10 or 12.
0 ||| I am unequivocally a Sedaris fan, but this book left me wondering if he really has much material left that worthy of being published. The strength of his first 2 or 3 books certainly earned him notoriety and a reputation for tongue-in-cheek prose, but the stories in "Corduroy" were simply dull and boring.I certainly can't recommend this book. Get "Me Talk Pretty.." or "Naked".
3 ||| This "soundtrack" should have been titled "Music inspired by We were Soldiers" or something to that tune. If you want the actual score/ soundtrack of this film, you should look for the similarly titled album but COMPOSED by Nick Glennie-Smith. That CD is truly 5 star material.This album is not too bad in itself, if you are into 60ish songs but the misleading name is highly irritating and misleading hence I deduct one star from my true rating.
1 ||| Brokaw delivers a lightweight, sketchy, collection of interviews with World War Two vets, which unfortunately has made him a lot of money and spawned equally mediocre sequels.There are an infinite number of far superior books covering the same ground.
3 ||| My husband and I both have Mac laptops and the dog chewed his charger to pieces (yay!) and after five years of use, my charger literally started smokig while it was plugged in (yay!)I went to the Mac company store to buy new chargers, but at a whopping 79.99 I only bought one. I found the MacAlly charger on Amazon.com and decided to give it a try. When we got it and tried it out I immediately returned the Mac brand charger for a refund. I love the MacAlly charger! Its actually long enough to be practical. It doesn't fall out of the wall socket from its own weight (imagine that.) And it never gets hot enough to fry eggs.BUY IT! It's less than half the cost of the brand name, it's a more practical design, and it's still small enough to fit into my little laptop bag. Sure, its not as novel or cute, and it doesn't have the little Apple insignia on it, but I'm not paying eighty bucks for one charger when I could buy the two that I needed for about the same.
0 ||| It seems that many would disagree with me on this, but I was very disappointed with this CD. And believe me, I absolutely love Enya! However, I still have not been able to listen to Amarantine's songs in their entirety because I find myself so irritated...not by the music itself, mind you, but by the lyrics!While Enya's music is as beautiful and moving as ever, Roma Ryan's lyric-writing skills leave much to be desired. They are extremely shoddy, cheesy, and make it seem as if she is an amateur. The only tracks I like to listen to are the opening track and the one without lyrics...the others I find to be spoiled by her bad rhymes and repetitive, boring words. I will grant that the Loxian language is nice, but that's all I can compliment Mrs. Ryan with.If you're looking for a more enjoyable Enya CD, I recommend that you look to her earlier work.
0 ||| So I wrote a loooooooooooooong email to my boss, explaining a protocol we were designing to implement, and hit send, and guess what, the Netgear smart wizard was looking for the wireless connection from my router across the room... It couldn't find and make that connection and lost the webpage, and I ended up all fuming over this break in wireless network. I had to write that again as a word ducoment so that I can SAVE it before trusting this stupid USB adapter.So this was just an example of what this thing is doing to me, and it has not happened just once. MANY TIMES has it lost the router, my laptop with in-built wireless adapter does not do this to me. And there's no cure for this stupid disease.
2 ||| Kathleen Rowe's "The Unruly Woman: Gender and the Genres or Laughter," published in 1995 is a university press publication that examines Mae West's contributions to the Feminist Movement and evaluates her role as a female icon of the twentieth century. This treatment of West is a typical academic text with good research of textual sources, but with little or no interviews and featuring theory that is hit or miss.When Mae West was asked why she never wrote an article supporting the Feminist Movement she reportably drawled, "I was nevah asked....."
4 ||| I totally love this CD and watched the entire DVD last night....AWESOME!!!! Hios best record in years if not ever as far as i am concerned.
4 ||| I ordered this book to read on a road trip because I have always been interested in true crime stories.This book, of all the true crime books that I have read, was by far the most gripping and interesting. It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book, and I had a hard time putting it down.Even if you do not care for true crime stories, this book is so shocking and well documented. I have since read several books about the Manson family and Tate- La Bianca tragedies and this book is the best out of them all.I strongly recommend reading this book.
0 ||| I found this CD to be very disappointing. As I listened to it I hardly recognized any of the songs from the movie(which I loved!). In particular, I wanted to hear the song played during the love scene between Sharon Stone and Ellen Degeneres, but it's not on this CD. If you want to hear that song, it's titled Thank You by Dido on her No Angel CD. Take my word for it, don't buy If These Walls Could Talk II CD, but definitely buy the No Angel CD.
2 ||| I don't know want the book is about yet Hahaha so can I read now? Thank you ? This is I don't know
4 ||| A MURDERER [JOHN LITHGOW] GETS CAPTURED BY A COP [DENZEL WASHINGTON]. THE MINUTE HE STEPS FOOT IN JAIL, HE SPENDS EVERY MINUTE OF HIS LIFE PLOTTING REVENGE. THIS MOVIE PROVES THAT DENZEL WASHINGTON CAN DO PRETTY GOOD IN ACTION MOVIES. THEN AGAIN, DENZEL CAN DO GOOD IN JUST ABOUT ANY TYPE OF MOVIE. THIS MOVIE IS DEFINITELY A GOOD MOVIE TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION.
1 ||| I ordered this one after my third aluminum keychain opener ate itself to death. This one is definitely much more durable, however the bottle notch is poorly formed. The pivot point is positioned too far away from the tooth and doesn't hit anywhere near the center on a typical bottle cap. The tooth is also too small, so it often fails to catch on the lip on the first few tries.It is hard enough to work with that you actually have to practice in order to be able to open bottles. I find if I hand my keys to someone to open a bottle at a party, they usually give up after 3 or 4 tries and I have to open it for them.
3 ||| We had to stop coming to the playground because all the kids want to ride on it. And the car looks better in real life than in the picture. It's pretty heavy.
3 ||| This is a very enjoyable western. McKeag is a wonderful 'hero' who loves his wife and his ranch and will not sell out to his threating neihgbor, Bert Praeger. The dialogue is excellent and it's very intense when Dan McKeag's wife and hands are killed and his ranch burned down........and he's shot and left for dead. Fortunately he's taken in and hidden until he recovers somewhat and the rest of the book is dan's revengful search for the 7 murderers and his attempt to get his ranch back from praeger who claimed it as his. His sidekick in the search,Paddy, is none other than his wife's brother who hasn't spoken to him since dan married his sister without his consent. Much action and graphic violence. For those looking for a love story, this isn't it. Not one love scene to be found. As a devout fan and reader of Mr. Martin's wife Kat Martin, I also saw her hand in some of the character development. Too bad he didn't let her add some romance...............
3 ||| I enjoyed this book - classic quest story with interesting characters. The ending, however, seemed a bit flat, as if the author lost interest or ran out of time. Or perhaps she had already started working on a sequel - the ending definitely leaves room for one. I would happily put this book in the hands of an 8- to 14-year-old voracious reader, but if you have more books on your to-read list than time to read them, you can probably skip this one.
3 ||| While not as emotionally satisfying as the first two in the series, and while definitely lacking the presence of Kit to balance out Nina, it is still a well written, enjoyable part of the series. As with all Duane's books, it manages to be accessible without being condescending, and it is a YA book that can be happily reread by those of us who no longer fit the age bracket.
4 ||| This book takes a look at both personal relationships and church relationships. The first family of the church - Curtis and Tanya Black - start out on the right foot from college. Unfortunately, as years go bye Curtis loses sight of the real goal and begins focusing on the boastful pride of life. While Tanya disapproves of her husband's focus, she does not want to shatter the "perfect family picture". Well, the picture gets shattered and oh how it gets shattered.This book is well written, tells an excellent story and captivates right from the start. The book demonstrates the strength and weaknesses of those professing versus those possessing.
3 ||| I read this book a long time ago. I recommend it to children younger than 12. It gives a different reflection on life. There is definitely better books for young readers but this book is okay too.
0 ||| Of course this is one of the landmark books in history. Completely turned biological science on its head and spawned science vs. religion debates that continue to this day. I love the one star reviews. This is one of the towering books in history, it's not meant to be entertainment. How about at least a 2nd star for its historical importance?
0 ||| Save yourself the time and money and go to a thrift store, and an artshop and buy the shirt and paints.. Paint it and then throw it in the bin - this should at least save you the postage costs for this shirt
0 ||| The sheet music I received was not the sheet music in the picture. The underline beneath the low voice denotes that it is a low voice version, so I assumed the idem I was getting was the low voice version. When it arrived I was surprised to see the version that was sent was the high voice version, which i cant sing. The picture posted is wrong and misleading and should be changed if the seller truly intends to only sell the high voice version.
2 ||| Worked just as advertized. Very compact way to take adapters for more than one country on the asme trip!
0 ||| I haven't been this entertained reading AMAZON reviews in awhile so I too tried to read it but was stopped cold by too many diverting descriptions starting with the word "like..." This is amateurish so-called "writing" that, thank the Lord, the author failed to follow up with another to compare with it. I only hope that those who gave it 5 stars aren't compelled to try their hand at authorship --- only the negative reviews were worth reading...A BIG WASTE OF PRECIOUS TIME (try reading Proust for a big fat chunk of your life and you might appreciate a well-written doorstop). Oh, and the 2 stars are for the growing body of amusing reviews, not for the useless book!
1 ||| was gonna mark this one star...the size was miss-leading, and too large for my daughter to wear. She really, really wanted these, was soooo excited when she opened them. One full size, or more, too large, maybe men's vs. women's? Miss-marked? Now what? There they sit in her room until I can fix the problem. But...the quality was very nice, shipped well, all that. SO, two stars.
0 ||| I had 2 problems with the product. First the sound would cut out of one ear unless I played with the connection and second, using the extension caused the sound in my left and right headset piece to reverse (right sound came out of the left ear and vice versa). I have requested a refund and will not reorder if this is normal.
0 ||| I decided to give this poly hose hanger a shot. It looked nice, but I returned it right away. It was flimsy and bent easily.
2 ||| This book seemed pretty flat to me, compared to the characters on the TV show. Especially the sub-plot surrounding Spike. There was a lot "happening" in this book, but I couldn't be moved to care much. Unlike the show, where you can go from tears to laughing out loud in a heartbeat.
3 ||| I won't repeat other reviewers.Overall, it's a good textbook. Apart from missing audio, I am not too happy about many Japanese textbooks about being too slow on introducing Kanji. Why not write in Kanji all the words that are NORMALLY written in Kanji and provide Hiragana like for the Kanji that are used? A full-fledged Japanese text has much more Kanji that in textbooks, the authors seem to "spare" learners. The kanji should be used both in the main text and the vocabulary list, in my opinion.Another good feature (I think most people missed that in the review), the text describes the pitch tone very well and uses accents to show the standard pitch accent throughout the book. Most textbooks ignore the Japanese pitch accent, as if it's unimportant. It would be, of course, ideal to hear these accents in action.
4 ||| Magic realism plus rich, beautiful latin culture combines to make a beautiful novel of a town's history. So many wonderfully impossible things happen that this was just a treat to read, even during the heart wrenching moments. I think it's one of the riskier books for Oprah's club, but I can't wait to see what people say. Splendid!
1 ||| I made the pumpkin pie recipe just by following the directions to the letter and--what a disaster. It said to bake the pie on the floor of my oven. This caused the pie to get done way too quickly, the crust started to brown too much before the custard was done, and the butter from the crust oozed onto the oven floor. The pie was overdone and the bottom crust burned black. I had bought The Cake Bible and Christmas Cookies and loved using both books with fine results, but this recipe was a mess. Just can't understand what happened. I've had a lot of baking experience (45 years or so), and I don't usually fail. Probably the other recipes are great from other readers' comments, but be careful with this one.
1 ||| This was a disappointment Sophomore solo CD for Mos Def and at times very annoying. Everyone knows that Mos can go with the best of em and is probably one of the top ten MC's in the game today, however you wouldn't know this by listening to this CD. Let me just ask all of the people that gave this CD a 4 or 5 star rating, If you had never heard of Mos Def and you brought this as his first release, would you honestly give it a 4 or 5 start rating... I THINK NOT!!!
2 ||| I bought Orinoco silver for my Sony Vaio (win98)to work with the LinkSys's wireless router. I got this one instead of Linksys's own pc card because reviews say it has much better range. It took some effort for me to get this pc card installed. On the first attempt, I lost video, and I took the card out of the slot and got the video back but lost mouse and keyboard control. I called tech support (the most knowledge tech support I've ever talked to!), they immediately recognized the problem and told me to upgrade my BIOS or upgrade to win2000 -- even though Orinoco says that it's win98 compatible. The BIOS upgrade from Sony website didn't work, so I upgraded to win2000 (not a very easy task on a Sony Vaio). After the upgrade, I got the card working with my LinkSys with little effort. Signal strength adaquate to go one floor down without sacrifice in speed.
0 ||| This bag is a very gross color of brown. The pink and the brown do not even go with each other. The bag also has a black strap making this a very un-coordinated product. Returned it for something else.
3 ||| I bought this DVD because of the reviews. I am new to Kettlebell workouts so I had to rely on the product reviews. I would agree that she does a great job at instructing on how to use the kettlebell correctly which is very important as injury can occur if done improperly. That being said, her tone is very monotone and her pace quite slow. She only does 5 reps which is beginner but she doesn't allow time to do more. I think she should do the max and if you need to stop and rest do so. The rest periods are way to long for me so I usually hop on the treadmill or do some ab crunches. It is a good workout but I think it needs to be bumped up in the excitable zone!
3 ||| The DVD I recived was in excellent condition and I am happy with the product I purchased. The only problem wa long it took for me to get the product. Other then that I got what I wanted. :)
0 ||| dont buy this square screen garbage, trash, crap, wait for the blu-ray it will most likely be widescreen anamorphic! and just as cheaply priced.
4 ||| THIS WAS THE 3RD BEST IN THE SERIES (MY OPINION)....IF YOU READ THE FIRST 4 YOU HAVE TO READ THIS ONE....THE SERIES IS GREAT, VERY ENJOYABLE....WHILE THIS IS FICTION, I WONDER HOW MUCH CAN BE BASED IN REALITY.....
4 ||| I've been one of Mr. King's "Constant Readers" for years. However, my reading of his tales began with Gerald's Game and, until this past year, I never read anything published before it.I now realize how unfortunate that was! The past few months have allowed me to rediscover Stephen King in an entirely new light. I finished Carrie this evening from my Kindle. (I've been THRILLED about all the classic King works popping up reguarly, as of late, in Kindle format. KEEP THEM COMING AMAZON!) While it hasn't been my favorite of the older works (Hey I read It and The Stand during this team; tough acts to follow to say the least!) it was an utterly captivating read. The printed version is some 200 pages, and it did feel such. It's a must read, for... well... anyone.
4 ||| Tyler Perry as always delievered another Stellar Play. Well worh the price. I highly recommend this play for all DieHard Tyler Perry Fans.
0 ||| We bought this toy for our son, and with in 10 minutes realized it needed to return to the store. He is just learning how to walk, and this is not the toy to help a child learn stability. Not only did he have a difficult time pulling himself up due to it moving, when he did it rolled away leaving him face down. For me, this falls under the don't waste your money.
2 ||| I am just getting started. Took me several minute just to open the package. This is one of those welded clear plastic packages. Just cutting one or two sides of the package is not enough. With it's 3d standing plastic shape it is even harder than a normal welded plastic packaging. At least for web / mail orders, it would be desirable to minimize the packing, reduce waste, save blood, and save time. Now to actually try the product.
4 ||| I love this book! The entire series!=) Everyone should read it. You feel you are actually there through the story.
1 ||| Yes, the Kestrel is great - if all you want to do is look at the weather data. Downloading the data is only easy if you have an old computer. The Kestrel interface requires either a serial port (most laptops don't have them anymore) or you can buy their "USB" kit, which is really just a Keyspan adapter added to the old-style serial connector. The problem is that your computer must have one of the COM1 through COM4 ports unassigned for this to work. If you don't have an old-style serial port, you will probably find that your USB has assigned COM ports up to 5 or 6 already.
4 ||| 8 crazy nights was a movie that was touching and hilarious. Adam Sandler was good and should be seen by families.
1 ||| If the cover for this low-brow action piece wasn't a hint, then you're probably one of the producers target audience. One of the things I think hurts hollywood is its irrepressible desire to shove the American flag down our throats by making these "patriotic" movies. We have the American flag, Iraq, marines... and wrestling!!! I guess if cow-tipping is a hobby you enjoy as much as practicing a suplex, then this movie is for you.As for a review, it stank. If you see it on the shelf of your local video store, leave it there.If you're a hollywood producer, please stop making movies starring wrestling "stars". If your name is Hulk Hogan, Steve Austin, John Cena (The Rock is OK) please stick to your day jobs.
3 ||| "Castle Barebane" was another experiment by Joan Aiken. It was her first adult novel to be set in the 19th Century, where an intrepid female reporter runs away to Europe to find her missing half-brother and his naive wife. She finds that the children were abandoned, and that she must care for them until her wayward brother is found. Part of it is a relief from the pressures of an engagement to a scion of a high society family, but it also burdens her. The trio find their way up to an ancient, decaying castle in Scotland, where secrets are unraveled, lies are exposed, and lives are lost, both innocent and wicked. The ending was a bit off, and certain things just didn't seem to work. Not bad though.
0 ||| This piece of equipment is aweful. It doesnt work period. Just look at the tech support webpage from ADS an be your own judge.
3 ||| I got this for my cello so I didn't have to uncase it every time I played it. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. I would have given it five stars except that the tabs on the front are a little too hard for my taste, so I was worried about dinging the finish. However, a piece of velvet draped over the tabs took care of that. It is well worth the price.
0 ||| Sheena Easton is a terrible mistake in the history of the music industry. How did this woman ever get signed? Don't buy this CD, it's gross. 80s pop is a bad genre of music. This whole CD is a bad example of that bad genre.First of all, it's 15 songs. 15 songs is cool if the singer is good. But Sheena is BAD. This CD is 15 songs of torture and regret -- regret of ever putting the CD in your CD player. Her voice is weak. The songs are very upbeat and poppy, but with her voice, they sound weird. She's not good at pop. And she's even worse at ballads. She's just bad at everything. She's a total Madonna wannabe.Please, please, PLEASE don't purchase this CD. It's a waste of your money. Buy something good! NOT Sheena Easton!
4 ||| This is the best book I've ever read! Characters that will stay in your heart forever.
3 ||| Homesick for planet Dagobah I am. Fuel for my spaceship I need. Bought this product last year I did. (To raise the funds, many years of signing autographs at Geek conferences it took me.) Hundreds of containers I purchased. Melted them I did, fuel rods to make. But, sadly, power my ship they would not. Too low-grade. So for the foreseeable future, stuck here on Earth I remain.
3 ||| Our "old" Uplift kettle lost its whistle altogether and made no sound at all when water was boiling. I called Oxo and asked if we could just get the replacement metal plate that generates the whistle. (BTW, we love the low, harmonic "train whistle" sound which is the reason we bought the kettle in the first place. We don't like those high-pitched piercing whistles.)Oxo's customer service rep, much to my surprise, said they'd just send us a new kettle! I couldn't believe it. Just like that. The new kettle arrived today and is obviously a redesign of the old kettle. It's beautiful and boils water just as well as the old kettle but alas, the harmonic whistle is gone, replaced by the high piercing whistle. It was a real disappointment. (I'm also wondering about their instructions to remove all the water from the kettle between uses. That seems a bit odd since the kettle is designed to hold water.)
4 ||| Bought several of these a few months ago for my children and me. My mom borrowed one for a trip. She loved it so much I bought this one for her birthday. Needless to say, she was thrilled with the gift. I also like the fact they come in so many different fabrics. We can each tell ours from each others.More importantly, these pillows cradle the neck very well. They are good not only while sleeping upright as when traveling, but for sleeping while lying down. I used mine in lieu of a hotel pillow recently for several nights and slept really well. I also use mine while on the couch watching TV. While they might look like a novelty pillow, they are much more.
0 ||| I expected so much better from the great Andre Previn. This version of the greatest programmatic orchestral music of all time is simply terrible -- utterly uninspired and passionless, both in the solo piano and orchestral versions. The tone is muddy throughout, and I don't think it's the engineering: pianist and orchestra just seem listless in a piece that should leave listeners awed and thrilled. The pacing is all wrong. No definition in the percussion. The brasses sound bored. Listening to this is like reading Cliff Notes of War and Peace. Either the performers didn't understand this music or they didn't care. The best version remains Toscanini's with the NBC Symphony Orchestra: even with 1950s recording technology, scorchingly brilliant.
3 ||| CLUB ROTATION CD SETS ARE QUITE POPULAR IN GERMANY AND REFLECT THE LEATEST DANCE MUSIC HAPPENING THERE. THIS LATEST EDITION DISPLAYS ALL THE HOT DANCE TUNES THAT EMERGED FROM THE EURPOEAN CONTINENT THIS SUMMER. SOME HIGHLIGHTS IN CLUDE THE REMAKE OF "TOM'S DINER" AND THE NEW CLASSIC "THE SUMMER" BY ATB. IF YOU LIKE DANCE MUSIC YOU SHOULD INVEST IN THIS COLLECTION.
4 ||| Very good construction.It fits my PDA firmly and still ok to use the touchscreen. It is bulky, as you know it, but does the job pretty well. It has fallen a few times and my PDA suffered nothing. I like and recommend it.
2 ||| This book was neither good, nor was it bad. I admit, it was a difficult read...it was very slow paced...but the story had a frightening realism to it. It depicts a society where books are burned and knowledge is, in essence, controlled by a government out of control. The premise was very interesting, but the paistagging detail in which everything was described left me fairly bored with it. It has a nice moral...if you can stick out the bordom.
4 ||| This is yet another great book. I have become quite a fan of Nora Roberts in recent months as I have begun to discover her amazing talent to captivate and enchant and surprise. I look forward to another adventure with her.
3 ||| I was a dissapointed to see errors on the back cover, but since I paid for the book I read it anyway. I have to say I love it. I couldn't put it down. I read the whole book in two hours. I say buy it. I say read it. It is sad, but it gives an interesting point of view on church today. We spend too much time looking at the faults of others. I also enjoyed beloved.Sincerly,Jaylynn R
1 ||| I'm getting to the point where I'm starting to think I should just quit reading Crichton's books. "Prey" was OK; "State of Fear" was pretty dreadful. Thankfully, those and this book are the only ones I've read so far. I'm not even going to touch "Next," from what I've heard. I picked up this early book of his, hoping maybe it'd be different. But no -- it's the same old cardboard characters whose quirks are told to us rather than shown (did he never attend even one writing workshop?). The same old making science into an image that fits the plot, bending facts at will and just making some up (eg, having the guys swim open-eyed through some mysterious disinfectant, like that's going to get all the bacteria...). The same old blunt-force foreshadowing. The same old lecturing and moralizing. Ugh. The one saving grace was that it was a fast read.
1 ||| The film has Skinner (Mel Gibson) as a FBI agent sent to a low life hotel to investigate the death of an artist named Izzy (Tim Roth.) Everyone thinks that it was just suicied. But old Skinner knows better and through some searching comes up with his own idea. The film also has Tom-Tom (Jeremy Davies)who's best friend was Izzy as the main suspect. But the film goes and does nothing but burn up two hours. You can even see Mel yawning on screen.It is the one Mel Gibson film we should like to forget. Grade:D-
4 ||| I have read this book at least four different times ever since I was 15 -for the record, I am 34 as I write this review. When I read it the first time, I just wanted people to think I was smart since I was reading Camus.Time went by, and I found myself reading this book again and coming to the conclusion that it is neither really about the murder (that became a song from the Cure later on, if nobody has written that yet), nor the stranger, nor his trial.The book can be interpreted as an allegory to the European presence in Africa. If your heart is socialist enough, you can interpret it as an allegory of the European arrogant presence everywhere in the World.In my view, it is not his best work (I like The Fall much better) but it is a must, no questions asked.
0 ||| Jaws 1 was a great movie....Jaws 2 still felt like a jaws movie because all of the original characters are there except for of course Quint and Hooper...But I am amazed at the "good reviews" this movie is getting!! The plot is silly "MAMA IS MAD!!" and the horrible special effects...a shark swimming backwards?? Throw this in the recycle bin and hit delete...this movie was embarrasing!!
4 ||| I travel with four Irish Wolfhounds in my minivan, so I don't have much interior space for packing. I didn't want a cartop carrier because they're so hard to reach. This saddlebag attaches to the rear and holds LOTS of stuff. It doesn't block the rearview, is waterproof and you can access it during a trip without needing a ladder. I thoroughly recommend it.
3 ||| We have the sink in Galaxy Black and we love it!!! No stains for us and the little scuff marks that happen come right out! I suppose you need a darker colored counter-top to work well with the dark sink, and we do, but I think the contrast with a lighter colored counter-top may work well also.
0 ||| After about a year of using this generic battery from China, the battery is quickly fading away. It will not hold charges and seems to make my camera actually reject the battery. When using this replacement battery, my camera will sometimes shut off or will not even turn on. I will not ever buy a cheap replacement battery for my expensive cameras. China is producing some really bad products lately, using cheap materials and cheap labor. Those products seem inferior to factories from other countries, especial USA, Japan, Germany. You have been warned.
0 ||| I have read all of Wood's various books starting with the sailing book he wrote years ago. I have always enjoyed his writting and looked forward to every new book. Sorry to say this book was an extreme dissapointment. Very simple plot lines and a new character who was so much like Stone Barrington I don't know why he even created a new one. Every characteristic of this "new" character screamed Stone Barrington to me. This looks like a book that was just tossed out and it is an insult to all the fans of Woods for him to give us a book that he obviously didn't take pride in. I will be more careful with his next book and not just buy it because it is written by Woods.
4 ||| This unit rocks. I have never been so ippressed with a product like this before. Garmin even has a free update to the latest maps for new purchasers. I highly recommend this unit for anyone looking for a dockable unit for their motorcycle and car.
3 ||| Been looking for this DVD for years! I'm glad I finally found one at an affordable price!! I had read that in the Korean Edition, there was a scene in the movie that was blurred, when Manon is bathing, and wondered how important that would be to the movie, or my response to the story, and IT IS NOT. The scene where Manon is bathing is like 2 seconds, or less! Now, I have seen both versions and let me tell you that in the unedited version (US Edition) you still dont see much more so why pay 70 dollars for something that is not crucial and you can barely see when you can own the Korean version DVD for half the price?...So my advise is get the Korean DVD, save your money and get yourself another movie instead! Enjoy.
3 ||| I must admit I bought this anime for my girlfriend, she is just getting into anime and picked it out at random, so it was a very random not really thought about purchase. But I am still plesantly surprised by this purchase. Funny and action work well together in this anime. All the people in the anime are ones you want to learn about. Especially Kenichi himself. Can't wait to check out the rest of the show and hopefully if it ends well I'll be picking up the next season.
1 ||| This book was used to 'introduce' us to finite element analysis. To say the least, the book is very hard to follow. For an undergraduate text book, I don't recommend it at all. The problems are very difficult and assume you have a lot of knowledge on other subjects. Also there are close to no examples. This would be a great book for graduate classes or those seriously interested in the theory, but not for the intro introductory class, unless you have a super great professor. Because of my bad experience with the book, and how I found it difficult to grasp, I give it only two stars.
2 ||| It's hard not to admire the enthusiasm of Christopher Phillips in his efforts to revive interest in philosophy among a wide variety of contemporary persons. Questions arise, however, as to just how socratic his modus operandi is. He declares he's no self-help guru, for instance. Yet is his readiness to descend to tears and therapy rather than ironic tough-mindedness, this is exactly what he ultimately most resembles. His repeated disinclination to answer questions put by an interlocutor and his preference instead for returning the question to its asker strikes me as even more guru-like and unsocratic. Finally, his eagerness to avoid extended one-on-one question and answer encounters in the presence of a group, preferring rather the role of the "facilitator" who gets everyone talking, reveals him more as the unwitting heir of the flattering John Dewey than of the "offensive" Socrates who claimed to know nothing, but was able to show smug others that they knew even less.
3 ||| I have to say that this was a good horror film idea that Wes Craven did justice to! Freddy is a lot more creepier when he's not rambling on with slang and being a smart ass as he does in the sequels.
3 ||| Had previous edition and this one updates quite a few items. Is still behind the times in latest findings and recommendations
3 ||| Mr. Popper's Penguins is an excellent book for any child, or adult, who has a great imagination and likes to laugh. The things that happen to the Popper family and their penguins make for a great read.
1 ||| After winning a lot of Oscars for the great "DANCE WITH WOLVES", Costner apparently wente berserk, and started to think he's the greatest actor of all mankind! One of the movies that shows this new phase is this one. The general idea is good, tryin to make a "real" portrait of Wearp, not a action-filled package as "TOMBSTONE". But Costner's acting is arrogant, boring, in a way that eclypses all the merits of the movie (mainly, Dennis Quaid as Doc Holliday)
4 ||| By far this was the best Twilight movie. I loved it! I saw it twice. It was funny, sad and exciting. I believe it was true to the book. I would even have to go as far as to say it was better than the book. I thought the sex scene would be horrible because it was PG-13 ( and I am 34) but they did a great job at capturing what needed to be captured and did it in a tasteful way. Pattinson is adorable! Stewart did an outstanding job! I cant wait to get my DVD copy!
1 ||| I JUST FOUND THE CONTROLS IN THIS GAME TO DIFFICULT TO CONTROL.THE GAME PLAYERS, WOULD NOT MOVE WHERE YOU DIRECT THEM, AND THEARROW KEY MOVEMENT, MOVED THE PLAYERS IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTIONGAME WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT, IF MOVEMENT OF PLAYERS WOULD HAVEBEEN AS IN RIVEN, MYST III EXILE, OR EVEN MYST, TRYING TO CONTROLTHE GAME PLAYERS, TOOK THE FUN AND ADVENTURE OUT OF THE GAME.
3 ||| Excellent movie- surprised to see Brad Pitt play such a small part but he was funny. I'd like to see him in the role of Dante in Jennifer MacDonald's book-Evolution.
1 ||| 'Hidden Diary' is a sex novel about a make-believe princess, using the name of Marie-Antoinette. After coming across this novel, I have lost respect for Carrolly Erickson and will never take any of her work seriously again. Yes, I know that this is considered romantic women's fiction, but why do lies have to be more interesting and romantic than actual events? For novels that are well-written but closer to reality, I would recommend Victoria Holt's 'The Queen's Confession,' Vidal's 'Trianon,' or Thomas' 'Farewell My Queen.' Please do not waste your time or money on this garbage.
3 ||| If you manage to wade your way through the unbelieveably deep themes that lies in this overwhelmingly meaningful book, then you will find that you have enjoyed a great piece of literature and learned countless moral lessons. But be prepared to read paragraphs twice and thrice and also to THINK. Do not pick up if you are looking for an easy read, but if you're one of those people who could find meaning in a cheeseburger, you'll love it.
1 ||| No SPOILERS-Saw this movie back in 2002 and left very disappointed. My daughter brought it home this weekend because she knows I like Zombie movies (she didn't know that I had already seen it) and after giving it a second viewing- nope, still bad. It starts out like it's going to be really good with the atmosphere of the deserted streets but it soon just turns into one of those movies were you keep waiting for something to happen, but never does. It unfortunately was just boring and not scary at all for me and my daughter (and it didn't help this movie that we watched The Return of the Living Dead two weeks previous which was great fun-no comparison) so I certainly wouldn't recommend someone purchasing this.
3 ||| A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess was a very good book. It is about a 15 year-old boy and his very violent life. The story takes place in a futuristic city. Alex and his friends go around the city and act like terrors. The story starts to get exciting when he goes to jail and is the test subject for a new method of state reform. I liked this book because it shows that actions have reactions. The bad part about the book is the dialect. I think Anthony Burgess over does the dialect and makes the book hard to understand.
4 ||| Very Good - Even without headphones, this little gem will loudly help you keep the beat or pace a race which I use it for when I jog or hit the treadmill. Volume is adjustable and the LED's are another plus. Plenty of settings for speed and patterns of the tic'n and tock'n. Price is good. Reccomend!
4 ||| It is an excellent performance from the film. The music is delightful and can be played anytime of the year inspite of Adeste Fidelis, Stilla Nacht, etc. It has it's classical and popular themes.Augie Aleksy
4 ||| We had a family tradition of watching this Thanksgiving evening, but it as not aired this year. The family received the DVD for Christmas, and loved watching it again! It is a classic.
0 ||| I ordered this back in December 2003 and as of March 2004 still have not received any issue. The Magazine Express service that coordinates these subscriptions provides no customer service and Amazon won't do anything about it either. Don't bother ordering this unless you just want to throw money away because they will bill your credit card and give you nothing in return. Amazon doesn't care about providing customer service on this and all Magazine Express is interested in is your money.
0 ||| This entire book could be summed up in 10 pages. It is terribly repetitive. The basic premise is that one can use a HELOC instead of a Checking Account so that your money doesn't sit around idle while mortgage interest is accruing. This may have some merit, but it is not clear how much of the savings is due to putting all of your disposable income towards your mortgage. The big trade off is a loss of liquidity. I have been aware of this strategy for a while, and I hoped that this book would help to prove its effectivness, and explain exactly how to do it. It falls short. After reading numerous message boards on the subject, this book tought me nothing new. It really feels like an informercial that I paid for.
0 ||| Freddy Kruger looked nothing like himself and it was just......Bad! It was just terrible.
4 ||| I have to say the movie was much better then I expected it to be..I really enjoyed the ending and the meaning behind him befriending a "strong type " guy...get this movie..u wont be disappointed!!
1 ||| This book has a nice cover, but when you go inside the content is a disappointment. Not particularly gay and not particularly interesting either.With so many other, better gay astrology books out there you could do better.
0 ||| This was oneof the lamest sequels to any given movie. First off, you could tell they wrote around availability. Examples, primary ones. Weren't able to bring back Kevin Bacon but, keep Fred Ward in it, even though the bubby thing between the two was seamless in Tremors. Can't bring Reba back in, well, let's say they were divorsed. Please, that notion is an easy out to admit she wasn't coming back to it.The newer evovled "tremors" was a stupid idea. Tremors was called Tremors for a reason, the monsters shook the ground, that registered on the richter scale. These stupid chicken designed ones in 2 takes away fro mthe whole point and the name. Now if it had evolved and was huge, Godzilla size, then it could still be called Tremors, and add to it.My love for the first movie can't be ruined but, 2 doesn't even exist as far as I'm conscerned, it wasn't Tremors and 2 never needed to be made.Honestly, if I could select 0 stars, I would.
3 ||| This book is well written and should be mandatory reading for Congress, the President, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff before they consider sending anyone off to war. Brokaw vividly describes how war (and WWII in particular) effects individuals. Those in combat as well as those who stay behind. Where this book falls short, however, is in Brokaw's theory that this was the Greatest Generation. This same book could have been written about the generation who fought the Civil War, WWI or any other war. Also, the individuals he writes about often disprove his own arguments. For example, several times during the early chapters Brokaw writes that this generation didn't believe in divorce. It just wasn't an option. Later in the book, however, he talks about one individual and "his ex-wives." This isn't the only contradiction in the book. Brokaw's attempt to make this book prove something more detracts from what would otherwise be an excellent book.
4 ||| I LOVE EVERY SONG ON THIS CD ITS INCREDIBLE SHE IS WHAT IV'E BEEN WAITING FOR--WORDS CANNOT EXPRESS HER VOICE BECAUSE SHE IS SO UNIQUE AND IF YOU MISS OUT ON GETTING THIS CD--LETS JUST SAY FRICKEN BUY IT AND THANK YOURSELF LATER DUH! GET IT...BETH HART R U L E S..... I AM GOING TO BUY EVERY CD SHE COMES OUT WITH FROM NOW ON TILL THE END OF TIME--TOO DEEP FOR YA JUST BUY IT ALREADY--JG IN AK-- Y E A H ---------
1 ||| The ergonomics are great, the way it recharges is very advanced, BUT it just didn't work. There was a card on the unit advising to turn up the volume so it didn't auto turn off but it had in my opinion a defect that let it pop in the middle of listening. The duration was about .5 seconds which is a long time.
1 ||| Who is Queens Of The Stone age?1 Person?I think this album is the deadline of J. Homme,I hope it...Horrible.
2 ||| Yes, the concept is bad but the movie isn't as bad in the way you expect, nor is it much good.I bought it because I saw it in the movies so long ago and it made an impression on me then. The London scenes weren't outdone until 28 Days Later and it has a number of things going for it, not to say the least a very sexy female lead that walks around naked for a good part of the movie.The story is a bit overexplaiend and there are a number of scenes where learned men talk intulectually about the events occuring that are a massive suspence killer. This is in addition to the fact that it is rather silly and silly should not be rationalised.I found it a lot worse than I had remembered but I am still glad I had a second look. But I do not recommend it to first time viewers except maybe those how migth be heavily into Vampires and Sci-fi - then it might just be worth a late night viewing.
1 ||| Shipment from Amazon very quick. Price was good. Product lacked a long enough hose for my purpose and I use a shutoff valve near the "head" to stop water flow but it would not install and allow the "head" to be placed into the holder piece. Will have to use it in a different shower or give it to someone who does not have my requirements.
2 ||| Sneakers is, without a doubt, one of my all time favorite movies. However, this DVD has some serious problems if you intend to view it on a PC DVD-ROM drive. A file allocation error renders the first half of the movie unreadable to most PC DVD drives (precise technical details are widely availible on the internet). This is not a problem for most standalone players. So if you're like me and use your PC as your DVD player, I'd suggest looking into the VHS edition.
2 ||| Add me to the list of folks who received a vibrator-shaped paperweight instead of an actual vibrator. I tried two sets of batteries just to make sure, but it was dead. Also, as others have mentioned, the toxic plastic smell was over-powering, so I was a little bit glad it didn't work or I might have been tempted to try it and I may never have gotten that smell out of me. :o)Amazon, understandably, doesn't allow returns on vibrators, but the paperwork for a refund was done in under an hour and I should get it in a few days, so at least that part was easily done.
2 ||| Wow, amazing how these three people all gave such favorable reviews to a product that isn't even released yet.
1 ||| 2 stars below the original A>T>K>M with Broderick Crawford. Sean Penn "ain't no Broderick Crawford. This flick is fair entertainmnt, the original,(still available on Amazon) provides great entertainment. Ihave both films, I'll keep the Crawford and throw away the Penn.
4 ||| buy & listen john hiatt's "bring the family" - "have a little faith in me" is on this album & it is simply one of the best albums ever recorded. I have to admit that I do not like Mandy Moore's remake - now, having said that, those of you that love it, owe it to yourself to discover the original. I have not heard anything off this album other than that single, so I can't comment on the rest. It seems (from the reviews here) she has nailed it - well, done! I will strongly recommend shawn colvin's "cover girl" - i'm not a shawn colvin fan - where she nails this "concept" better than any i've heard. So, in closing, I'm glad everyone is enjoying this and I hope it inspires folks to check out the originals - especially john hiatt - happy listening.
3 ||| These knife blades are alright, but for the money, I would buy plain blades. The titanium is simply a super thin coating that wears off soon after cutting and using the blades. My favorite blades are IRWIN. They have the best quality metal and hold an edge better than these, or for that matter, any that I have used. I use knife blades daily in my job. I would not suggest these blades for the extra cost, over a normal blade.
2 ||| This DVD is more aerobics with light weights. It you want to concentrate on and define a muscle, this isn't the DVD for you. I recommend Kathy Smith's Time Saver series....
2 ||| This double disc has one stellar moment: Mary Lou Williams on "Roll 'Em." This is a rousing rendition of Mary's own song and it knocks 'em dead. Benny's vocal on "I Love a Piano" is also quirky and sweet. But the rest of the album is uninspiring and insipid.The absolute nadir is Jack Sheldon singing "Rocky Raccoon." I don't know what Benny was thinking having this obnoxious trombine-player from the Merv Griffin orchestra appearing on stage with him. Unbelievable.Benny also throws in a bunch on no-name singers giving pale imitations of his original vocalist, liltin' Martha Tilton. For diehard fans of Benny, you might emjoy this disc, for everyone else out there, stick with the 1938 classic concert from Carnegie Hall.
1 ||| The following is excerpted from an actual interview with Bob Hoskins, star of Super Mario Bros.:Guardian: "So, what's the worst job you've done?"Hoskins: "Super Mario Bros."Guardian: "What has been your biggest disappointment?"Hoskins: "Super Mario Bros."Guardian: "If you could edit your past, what would you change?"Hoskins: "I wouldn't do Super Mario Bros."Don't mince words, Bob...how did you REALLY feel about Super Mario Bros.?
2 ||| I began watching American Idol because a coworker raved about Clay. I continued to watch because his voice was so beautiful it was heartbreaking. I waited for this CD and thank heaven I listened to clips first on the internet so I knew not to buy it.His glorious voice has been changed to a bland, ordinary, sounds-like-every-pop-star out there voice and the songs are only average. I was afraid RCA would do this to him.I gave the CD 3 stars because it's an average rating for an average CD. If Clay had sung on the CD the way he sang on the show there wouldn't be enough stars in the sky to rate it.
2 ||| I was very pleased with the rapid delivery without having to pay extra. I loved the stage play version , and the music , but the dvd-version leaves something to be desired. I was dismayed that the producers felt it necessary to use near/nudity for the Egyptian female's costumes - totally not necessary - more like something you would expect in a Las Vegas burlesque show!
3 ||| My daughter has been asking for a large dollhouse since she was 4 but we waited until we knew she would be able to take care of it and use it properly. We finally decided on this dollhouse and when we got it we found the thing is made of cardboard and particle board with very few actual braces made of real wood. There isn't enough hardware to keep the thing together and it broke almost immediately despite very gentle use by my mature seven-soon to be eight- year old. She was devastated. I found a much better dollhouse by Imaginarium that is almost the same price as this. To me the extra 10.00 is worth it knowing that my daughter will have a dollhouse she can actually USE. Please don't buy this dollhouse, you will be dissapointed. Instead check out the Glitter Dreams Dollhouse or the Uptown Dollhouse both by Imaginarium.
3 ||| What is the relationship between lawyers and marauders? Well nowadays someone would end that with a witty punch line. But at one time they did work closely together.This is a book relating to the laws and customs of war in the age of sail especially with regard to the taking of prizes. It gives fascinating details, such as cross ocean lawsuits after hostilities(at one time their was a suit by an American privateer in a British court over the validity of a ransom promised to him), the issueing of letters of mark, and the condemnation of prey in prize courts.As might be expected in a book about legal matters it can have dry writting at times. But it also has interesting anecdotes and a great deal of information about a specialized aspect of war on the high seas.
1 ||| Hotel World started out strong and then petered out. By the time I had gotten to the long run-on sentence chapter done by Clair I had lost interest in the book.
1 ||| The product works fine, but the quality of the material is pretty cheap. It doesn't have a nice feeling while holding it in your hand.On top of this, the battery compartment door broke the second time I had to replace the battery, so now I have to use it with a scotch tape around it.All in all, I believe there are better deals out there. In particular, try to get a presenter that uses AA or AAA batteries. You can find them anywhere.
1 ||| there is a certain degree of philosophy in this one. man is not good. our man is taking his experiments too far, wanting to make a human, using body parts from dead people. it lives of course. it escapes. learns to read and write. decides to find its master. the conflict deepesn. although the plot is interesting, it is not carried out that well. the psychology is lost somewhere. i just don't buy it, because there is really nothing to buy. the "monster"'s role gets abit unclear, and some of the philosphical elements are lost. it gets a bit stilted. the plot IS interesting, but it just isn't worked well. it all becomes kind of blurred. THIS IS NOT A HORROR NOVEL. it really is not, as stated by a true horror master: H.P.Lovecraft. it is a philosophical supernatural drama. if you want a horror novel, you are looking in the wrong direction. i agree there is something grizzly here, but that does not make horror.
3 ||| I'm not a Batman fan but I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought I ever would. The movie has a good story and it fleshed out the main character better than I anticipated. I also like how they didn't use popular villains and still had an excellent story. This moody and thrilling film is something that I'd recommend to both fans of the comics and newcomers alike.While the story is good, its not complex enough for me to give it a 5/5. Nor is the action something to brag about.
1 ||| It does not sharpen many pencils before it quits working. this is the 2nd one I purchased and I have to return this one also.
3 ||| The book was strangely pervasive. Chapter by chapter the authors cite the same sources and say the same thing in slightly different ways.About midway through the book, it becomes clear that the chapters have been written by shadow dwellers describing the same shadows that they see from their shackled platonic position in some common academic cave. Perhaps colleagues, wired through some philosopher's conference, brains in brain vats, enjoying the view from a Matrix of their own making...That in itself makes it an interesting read.
1 ||| Lord above save us from Steven Spielberg films!!! Sure I admit Jaws was groundbreaking in the 70's. Do we really need this outdated and overhyped film pumped into our TV sets every weekend from endless showings on TNT, TBS, TCM, and AMC? Spielberg is an inflated ego-head who stopped any Jaws rip- off- type films from being released in the US. He should be glad anyone was inspired by his Hollywood tripe. Spielberg I think is the real "King of the World." Don't waste your money to buy this when you can tape it for free on any weekend!
4 ||| Definitely a pleasant surprise. William Hurt plays that curmudgeon character well, and Juliette Binoche is delightful.
0 ||| Oh my gosh...when you get the pan it comes disassembled, so you have to screw the handle together. Well, I used it once and the handle came right off while cooking. Now, the screw is stripped and it can't be put back! I used it only once! Well that was the most expensive omelet I ever had. Aside from the handle, overall it is a very cheap pan and it does not look like it will last very long. I'm going to return this item.Please save your money!
3 ||| "Childhood" started off rather funny, but then lost steam as it progressed. Bill Cosby is a very funny person, and I've enjoyed his stand-up comedy about childhood and parenting, but reading about it is very different, and I felt he tried too hard to be funny. I sometimes got confused at what age he was speaking about in his childhood and sometimes it all just felt muddled. I also wished he had either solely spoken about his childhood, or his own children, as they transitions into both were a bit choppy. I "sorta" recommend
1 ||| I was disappointed in Forbidden Passion. From the box cover, I expected to see a nude Ornella Muti. She keeps her interesting bits covered or off camera during this film. It is the story of a young girl hired as a secretary to her father's boss, becoming his mistress, and earning the family a better apartment and more money.
3 ||| I'm not going to lie and say I even understood this book 90% of the time. What I'm going to say though, is that the book held my interest throughout. Burroughs use of language is enough to do that. There were numerous portions that made me laugh out loud, and equally numerous portions that made me cringe. Of course, I still didn't understand a word of it. So, in short, I'm not real sure what to make of it. My advice for anyone who is thinking about reading it is to give it a shot. If you're adventurous enough, you'll probably get something out of it, and if you hate it, you won't have to waste much time with it (I read it in about three days). It's something different, and that alone makes it worth reading.
3 ||| Buyer Beware: My Mom Loves her Mailstation but hers broke. I was So thrilled to see Amazon still offered them for sale! BUT...Earthlink would NOT transfer her service to a "previously-owned or 'replacement' Mailstation device purchased from a third party". I see now this is also stated on their Mailstation website. Wish I would've known this before purchasing.
3 ||| More activities and opportunities to work with the prefixes would help. There are no exercises for use in sentences or in writing.
3 ||| Not a bad movie, but I thought it would be funnier. All the actors were good. The movie was good. I did not think it was as funny as I thought it would be. But, a good addition to my collection
0 ||| This toy came in poor shape - the plastic was broken and it was dirty - suppose to be "new" - It has not even been one month and the toy is brok
2 ||| According to Rob Bowman, it's pretty clear that greedy Jonnie Baylor, a stupid lowlife thug to whom Al Bell acceeded way too much power, did more than anyone to kill Stax. This pathetic crook earns a special place in African-American hell alongside Johnnie Cochran and OJ Simpson. Read Bowman's "Soulsville, USA" and learn how a piece of trash helped destroy one of the greatest musical legacies in American history.
1 ||| This could be a great book. A lot of wrong answers in the chapter quiz area. This could lead to a lot of confusion in a subject that is confusing enough on its own (that is why we bought the book in the first place...right?).
1 ||| ...of about 6,000 pages that never ends. My suggestion is that if you must read this series you check it out from the library. Sure you'll have to wait longer, but you'll be relieved when you're done that you didn't shell out your hard earned cash for a wheel that seems as if it will never stop.
4 ||| A great old classic that leaves you feeling good at the end. It is perfect for the Christmas seasons entertainment.
4 ||| This is the same classic Alex Rider adventure. One of the better ones in the series but Scorpia is still the best.
1 ||| It's a mystery to me why the Hendrix family (ExperienceHendrix) couldn't release the complete and uncut recording of this performance. Instead of releasing the complete recording of this historic concert, the Hendrix family has edited (or deleted) instrumental sections (from songs), guitar solos, some of Hendrix' comments between songs, Larry Lee's solos, most of the percussion section, and two songs (Gypsy Woman and Mastermind).The Hendrix family has announced in the past they have hours of live recordings. It's probably safe to say that we can expect more of the same with regard to these future recordings, that is edited songs, deletion of songs, etc.Unfortunately, we'll never be able to experience these shows complete and uncut. Despite Jimi's musical prowess and talent, which is in abundance on this recording, I can't recommend it.
4 ||| Ra is really underrated rock band. They have great melodies, good arganments, middle eastern vibe here and there, a singer who is really influenced by Sting and the Police. They even cover one of their songs. If you dig Breaking Benjamin or Alter Bridge, this band is for you. Every song is great, really no weak tracks. I highly recommend this cd.
3 ||| If you're tired of getting your fingers kicked, these ARE the boards to have, bar none. I can purchase better branded at a very good price making them cheaper, but I buy these preferentially. :)
0 ||| This was by far the worst book of the series. I first read The Eye of the World way back in 1990, I was 10 YEARS OLD!!! Now as we enter into 1998 I wonder if Jordan will ever finish this series before the year 2000. I have had to re-read the series each time a new book comes out to stay on top of things since Jordan writes so damn slow. I think I will just skip this book when I reeread the series. Does anyone know when book #8 will appear in the stores? If it isn't better I quit! I have learned I valuable lesson from this series, wait till the author decide to finish before reading.
4 ||| In general, I love the Maddoxes' work. Mary has an amazing, soothing voice and is very articulate and imaginative in her descriptions of the thoughts and feelings and ideas she guides you though. But this CD seemed to be a recycling of the 'Just Relax' CD material, sometimes verbatim. I didn't hear anything new, which was disappointing. I would have preferred to be taken on a journey. Andrew Weil has double CD set about getting to sleep and the journeys on the second CD about preparing for sleep and moving towards sleep (as if you are on a beach and walking slowly into water) are more what I was hoping for.I also would prefer a second meditation for sleep rather than a whole other track of music. Music, for some reason, keeps me awake. A soothing voice is more likely to help me relax and sleep.
0 ||| I've never really had shirts 'break apart' like these did. They looked ok for a couple of washes but afterwards they completely fell apart. Simply a bad product. Not worth the cheap price.
1 ||| I generally like and admire Faulkner's work, but this novel (or whatever it is) got the better of me. Usually I make myself finish any book I read no matter how difficult, but with "A Fable" I simply couldn't do it (and I've managed the entirety of James Joyce's "Ulysses" and Proust's "Remembrance of Things Past".) I may have a Master's Degree in English, but I still had great trouble following what was going on in the book, much less appreciating what it was trying to say. It's amazing to me that the Pulitzer Prize committee could even manage to get through this thing, much less give it an award. I haven't given up on Faulkner, but for the first time since I was a college undergraduate, I've given up on a book. It took "A Fable" to bring me to my knees.
4 ||| Lauryn Hill definitely "keeps it real" on this album. She talks about very real subjects that anyone who has ever been in love, or thought they were in love can relate to. Her lovely voice, lyrics and jazzy beats define what music should be like.
1 ||| My phone worked fine for over a year. Now the handset won't connect to the base. First, I tried the troubleshooting guide in the manual. Then I tried replacing the battery and contacting Uniden customer service. The phone still fails to work.Avoid this one.
4 ||| I think Goblet of Fire is one of the better entries in the Harry Potter movie series. No, there is not an extended version, but it's very well done. Entertaining and worth watching!
4 ||| I recommend this book to anyone who has ever tried to think about "nature". This book shows how the concept of nature has changed in Western Civilization, and how we can best think about this abstract concept today.
4 ||| Lauryn Hill has done an excellent job with her first solo effort. I bought the CD the day it was released and have listened to it practically everyday since then. I've heard other people say that the CD is too "preachy". I couldn't disagree more. It's refreshing to hear a musician that takes her talent seriously and tries to express positivity.
1 ||| I may be one of the few people in the world who really doesn't like "The Honeymooners." The tiresome lines, the weak plots and the stab at acting do nothing to make this show appealing. One major flaw with "The Honeymooners" is that the show is so darn BORING! You can predict the story and outcome right away.The tiresome lines and stilted phrases are bad enough, but the dreaded "homminas" are extremely annoying. Add to this mix Alice the big mouth, Ralphie Boy the cliche spouting windbag, Norton the Irritant and Dishrag Trixie. Fat jokes and chauvinism are abound in any "Honeymooners" collection and this is no exception.
2 ||| a neat book. i liked it, but there r better Nancy Drew books.
0 ||| will not purchase from this guy again. not honest with his description of item. buyer's beware!
3 ||| I first saw this movie on T.V and I watched it because I never saw it and I expected a little more from this onw.Total jason is one like 15 min of the movie.But the movie was good.At the end was really scary,after jason went to hell his mask laid on the ground, and Freddy Krueger's hand poped out and took his mask.And I'm like it cant be, Freddy and Jason going at it, thats like the 2 top killer legands in the world, Freddy vs Jason is coming out on DVD and when I get it, im gonna be rite on front of that T.V
0 ||| Received the alluminum case that was broken in the corners. At the first look thought it was damaged in shipping. But when I looked for the missing/ broken pieces, I could not find them in the shipping box. Then I realised that they packed a broken poker set. Ridiculuos..... how can they sell a crappy product. Utterly disappointed!!
1 ||| ...Charlie Trotter's dessert is of limited to no use for a Continental/European Chef/Cook. Weights and measures are all in cups and ounces.Still maybe undestandable for a European Chef but impossible to work for instance a Russian Chef (These are the people who buy these books because they want to learn.They have little chance to travel yet,so have to rely on books to improve their skills) I have checked ,quickly only, through the recipes and gave up,there are also certain facts not right (Original Linzer cake you don't make with raspberries but with 'red currants'.Also recipes are using to many US specific names and terms,i.e. what is a Meyer lemon? And for the poor amateur cook?Well,look at the pictures and go have dinner where Trotter is cooking! Had I known before,I would not have purchased the book. Benedikt Morak, Executive Chef (from Austria,35 years i nthe business)
3 ||| These boots feel and fit great. I am interested in how long they will hold up. They look pretty sturdy. I will put them to the test for sure.
1 ||| I did not like it very much...bought it because of the fact that my son went to high school with him and thought it would be nice to have. It was not as much action as I thought it would be....a little dull...but not bad for his first...know he will get better as the "Rock" did!!!
3 ||| This book is typically easy to read however the first act is a little har to get though because of the format. the author will stop every once in a while to talk about the history of the town or the charcters backround. Once you get to the second act the book begins to pick up and get a lot better. i am in high school and had to read this for a summer reading assignment. Once u get to the second act the author is past the exposition of the plot and it is easier to understand what is going on.
4 ||| Although there are hundreds of superhero games, this simple Playstation game stole my heart. The game is fun. That's pretty much it's only quality. By today's standards, this game has terrible graphics. When it was new, it was fine. But don't let a simple matter as graphics stop you from playing this game. The game lets you into the shoes of Spider Man like no other game can. The game is disappointingly short. However, you will find yourself playing it over and over again. If you're looking for a quality Spider-Man experience, this game is perfect.
4 ||| Unlike other James Clavell novels, King Rat had a point of reference in regard to a place and time that is embedded in more recent memories of people my age.It was not, in my view, as well written as the more completely fictional works but, nonetheless, it described very well the attitudes and stresses of humans in close contact, starving and in fear of death at any moment.The interplays between characters were well drawn to an extent that made up for the absence of the swashbuckling excitement of Tai Pan, Noble House and Shogun. King Rat was different, less exciting but despite that, enjoyable and informative.Sceptic Ian
4 ||| A very nice and sturdy plastic gun case. Great for transporting your gun to and from the range. I bought this for a Glock 9mm. It has plenty of room for that. Foam lining keeps things from moving around. I can fit this case into my gear bag with my ear protection, glasses, and extras. Very well priced and practical.
1 ||| Despite the obvious reference to programming in the title (alas, the term "hacking" has been used for much less worthwhile pursuits lately), the book contains very little with respect to writing applications for PSP. Instead, it's largely devoted to electronic and aesthetic "hacks" - like making a PSP holder for your car.The book barely touches on development, only mentioning the toolkit and a few installation steps, which makes its title a lot less meaningful.
1 ||| The Longest Day is without the best movie of its type ever made.It is way better than stuff like Saving Private Ryan which is all hollywood stuff and not really worth watching. I will watch Thw Longesr Day many more times.
1 ||| I expected great things from Cabot's books. I was let down. I did not care for her writing style, nor did I find her information moving or educational. I am genuinely surprised that so many people find Cabot to be a literary value. I just don't see it. I would not recommend Cabot's works to anyone interested in paganism or witchcraft.
4 ||| It's a really cute backpack, and the ipod function is pretty slick.. although after a semester of heavy use (college=lots and lots of walking) Some of the edges of the fabric are kind of fraying... not coming apart fraying, like some of the synthetic fibers stick out form the fabric. Zippers hold up better than any of my 3 jansports.. including 2 airlift backpacks that retail around 70-100 dollars! Definitely worth what I paid for it!
1 ||| I was also expecting an incredible DVD version of this fantastic vhs show. I urge you NOT to buy the DVD version! Stick with the vhs...it gives you a great show. I could not believe how cheated I felt when I threw this DVD on. What a shame. I am still mad and from this day forward I am not buying anything from SONY DVD until I read some reviews from the folks who bought them.
0 ||| If you want to rent this video, don't waste your money. The story is so similar to the Fugitive that you might as well get that one instead. Lowe plays a teacher who is in prison on a vehicular homicide charge who begins to suspect a conspiracy to kill off prisoners. After a bus accident, he escapes and tries to figure out how to save his life with corrupt guards chasing after him. I only wanted to see it because it was filmed in Cleveland and it was weird seeing familiar streets on my TV. I have never been a big Rob Lowe fan-I always thought of him as a slick pretty boy-but he actually ACTED in this movie. James Coburn, one of my favorite actors, was wasted in his role of a victims advocate. All in all, the dialogue was terrible, the direction choppy and the storyline has been done to death.
0 ||| I just bought the Director's cut version on DVD and am extremely disappointed in it! The ending, which was one of my favorite scenes was eliminated, along with other pieces which changed the flavor for the worse.
1 ||| I've read a lot of SF over the years, including stories by many of the authors featured in this anthology. Obviously I'm in the minority here but I found of the selected works to be dated, overly long, and dull. The ending of at least one story (That Only A Mother) made no sense at all. There are of course some exceptions, like Bradbury's Mars Is Heaven. A no-brainer for any collection. And a little tale called It's A Good Life will give you the chills. Star Trek fans will of course recognize the premise of the story Arena, which was adapted into a Trek episode of the same name. But all in all, the selections were mostly a letdown.
3 ||| I think that Carrie was a very excellent book. However, I enjoyed the movie more than I enjoyed the book. Carrie's mother sounds terrifying. My favorite part of the book was when Carrie was at the prom. Right before Billy and Chris poured the blood on her. One reason why I liked this part of the book was because it was the only part of the book that Carrie actually felt like a person.
2 ||| This book was confusing at times...boring at other...down right cruel at other. This future society is messed up like forreal so if you into all the sci-fi drama dystopian world this book is for you.
3 ||| For those who made the mistake of renting G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra (See my review), you will notice the striking similarity of plots. The ending was also very similar. The real only difference in the movies was this one is actually for the family and occasionally fun and funny. If my Eleven Year Old were to review this movie he would have given it 5 stars. Good Family Purchase or Rental. Enjoy.
1 ||| This company made some very interesting choices. They put the pheromone bait in a special tiny square of plastic that you have to drop onto the actual sticky surface. What this causes is a mass buildup of moths in that one tiny area of the sticky trap, and no moths anywhere else. Also, the sticky surface of the trap is quite small and doesn't utilize all of the cardboard of the trap. What sticky surface there is is not that sticky at all, actually. I've seen moths fly in, land, get scared, and fly out.There are better pheromone moth traps, like the Pro Pest Pheronet. This one just doesn't cut it.
2 ||| I had one of these for years, and it worked great. However this just dosen't fit the bill and will not hold a charge. So the handy self crank job is back
1 ||| Careful here. This is an obscure music DVD, not what the picture shows. Mine will end up at Goodwill, unopened.
0 ||| The container said it was "Uranium Ore" but when I opened it, it was clearly Plutonium. I still used it, but I was severely disappointed.
2 ||| Ive seen every Horrer, slash movie, Devils, Demons, Stalkers you name it, this movie is as scary as any. I think, that it is the sexual predetor part of the movie, that most people dont like. Jason, Freddie, Micheal, they never stalked anyone to rape them, just kill, mutilate, dismember, decapitate, or eat. go figuer. anyway its not for the squemish. you might want to rent this movie before you buy it.
4 ||| This is an oddly enjoyable book. If the film maker John Waters were to write a literary comic-drama, it would be like this. The dialogue is hilariously self-conscious and over-dramatic; the setting is appropriately tacky. Yet all this is accomplished as a sensitive critique of 1960's southern culture. Ignatius J. Reilly's ravings against modern society are both interesting and humorous. It is not an exciting book, but I greatly enjoyed it.
1 ||| I bought this book for my research on my college thesis, which is about how the Faith-Based Initiative and Charitable Choice reflect a growing trend in government to privatize welfare services. I want my research to be fully informed by all the various differing voices in the debate over Charitable Choice, and thought that this book would yield thoughtful, intelligent analysis and discussion. I was sadly disappointed. This book is not meant to be a resource for any serious scholarly discussion, as I found it greatly oversimplified many of the topics it approached, and is written very much in a consumer-friendly fashion. If you are looking for a book that will lay out the basic positions of supporters of Charitable Choice and the Faith-Based Initiative, and a simple explanation of what Charitable Choice is, then this is the book for you. However, if you are looking for serious scholarly discussion, don't waste your money.
0 ||| Judith Ivy is the worst actress that ever was, and her only contribution to any form of culture is to single-handedly close down any TV show or play she's ever been in, so low sales of the taped version of COngo is guaranteed. Buy this tape if you want to suffer through hours of an affected Southern drawl that makes this Southerner flinch- her only talent is making one vowel into an entire sentence. Read the book or get something who can talk to read it for you.
0 ||| This was one of the worst books that I have ever read. I was forced to read it in an English assignment. It is 90 percent endless blabber about unnecessary and unwanted detail. Many call this one of the greatest books ever written by Ernest Hemingway. I can say that thanks to this book I will probably never read another Ernest Hemingway novel again. Filled with unending blabber the book is really pointless. There is no lesson to be learned, it is not exciting, funny, dramatic or moving. I would not recommend this book at all, unless you were someone who wanted to waste a few hours of their life. Overall this book never did anything to make me fell that it was a good book.
3 ||| the reason i did not give this a 5 is because out of 5 sets i bought there were 4 lids that don't fit tight but got replacement. watch out though, if you go through TUPPERWARE they want to charge you $6 for shipping to replace and you have to pay to ship to them! BUY FROM "Virtual Hot Deals" they will take care of you if there is a problem!!!
3 ||| I bought these socks on a lark for my husband and myself. It is a truly weird feeling to have your toes separated from each other in this sock. Still, we enjoy wearing them on days when we know we will be walking around for most of the day. The separation really does cut down on blisters. Fair warning, my husband found these socks to run a bit small, so if you are at the top end of the size range, go for the next larger size.
1 ||| The shipping was amazingly fast. However the book was listed as regular paperback and it was a mass market paperback. Also the pages are all so yellowed it's hard to read. Not what I would have called "good condition."
3 ||| You know, one thing I always feel is, of what use is religion, What ever the religion may be, if it doesn't better the quality of the life we live, doesnt pull us out of the difficulties and challenges we land ourselves in. . Usually the vedic interpretations are too metaphysical and tedious to understand and relate. Here is a surprisingly wonderful interpretations of the millennia old wisdom of the Vedas as applied to our day to day lives. It takes you step by step from the challenges of the modern world or the Technology Age to its woes, the reasons and how to overcome them in a more generic way. This could be life changing. Swami Adiswarananda has epitomized the spirit of his Guru.Enjoy!!
1 ||| While I realize this was written in the form of a diary, I didn't care for the writing style of The Hidden Diary of marie Antoinette: A Novel.
1 ||| I'm a coach for an after school girls group that trains for a 5K at the end of a 12 week program. I'm a school counselor, NOT a trained coach or PE teacher. I wanted some general advice about helping my elementary girls prepare for the 5K, hydration needs, Pre race meals, etc. This was waaaaaay too specific for me and not helpful in my case.
0 ||| This was the scariest book on twins that I read. If you want to be afraid to eat, sleep or breathe during your entire pregnancy than this is your kind of book. Almost every chapter focuses on a negative aspect of carrying more than one baby and there are more chapters on what can go wrong than what to do to help things go right.
1 ||| I bought the Jabra for the express purpose of using it while my phone was 15-20 feet away on my desk. I experienced heavy static from that distance (despite an advertised 30 foot range). Also, when the side of my head with the Jabra on it was facing the phone, I got better reception than when I turned away. I am, apparently, thick headed.Using the Jabra in the car was an awesome experience, since the phone was so close to me. There were no wires to interfere with my driving, and I could answer calls easily with the Jabra itself, never even touching the phone.But $80 is too much to pay for wireless convenience in a car. Until the technology improves or price drops, the Jabra is just not as vaulable as a simple wired handsfree device. I returned my Jabra after one week.
4 ||| I picked up this book not realizing that I had already read excerpts from it in another of Childress' books. I was headed for Jordan and was interested in reading up on Petra when I found this book. As I read more, it began to get really interesting. His broad coverage of various theories of ancient civilizations is fascinating, if sometimes hard to believe. But, that being said, there are so many unexplained civilizations out there that, however fanciful the explanations may be, who knows, some may even be correct!! It's an entertaining read, and really causes you to reconsider some very basic historical facts that may turn out to be in error. How DID those guys at the Temple of Ba'al move 2 million pound stones?!? Makes you wonder!!
2 ||| ETHAN FROME IS A TRAGIC LOVE STORY INVOLVING THREE CHARACTERS. ETHAN, THE MAIN CHARACTER IS MARRIED TO HIS SICK WIFE, ZEENA. WHILE ZEENA IS SICK IN BED HE IS TRYING TO WIN ANOTHER LOVE. TWO OF THESE CHARACTERS, ETHAN AND MATTIE ARE TRYING TO PROVE THEIR LOVE FOR EACH OTHER. WHILE THEY ARE TRYING TO PROVE THEIR LOVE FOR EACH OTHER A FATAL ACCIDENT OCCURS AND RUINS EVERYTHING. IN THE END NO ONE IS HAPPY IN THE FROME HOUSEHOLD.
1 ||| A wonderful movie, but the DVD quality is truly bad. First, the opening credits are cut off of both sides! Which means that the scenes are also badly trimmed. Second, the picture quality is faded and grainy. The film splices show and make the picture jump. Third, the sound is horrible, low and fuzzy.Other classic movies from this era which I own are in pristine condition. I can only conclude that the original print was in poor shape and that the transfer to DVD was very poorly done. 5 stars content, 1 star quality: rating 3 stars. This is the version released by Madacy.
3 ||| Clancy has improved from recent books that had more brain-numbing detail than action. This book has some shortcomings, and the author's photo on the back of the book is sickening, but the story allows Clancy to insert sudden action-filled chapters that keep you moving. His best offering since Cardinal.
1 ||| Boring anti male story of a nazi like society in the US where women are forced birthing slaves. As if any man would ever want to live in Atwoods world. Very sloooow book. I cannot disagree more with the positve reviews. I want a refund. Totally derivative of Orwell with characters you wont care about. Many other near future sci fi books are much better. Dont waste your time with this one.
1 ||| Sasha is always top rank 10, I went to see him at Roxy and Crobar NYC, live he's awesome but he cannot make good CD's, I am sure some people love his CD's. But for me his CD's make me sleep, too slow like a lounge for people sit down and have a drink. I prefer John digweed.
0 ||| Being a big fan of pop music and American Idol in general, I was QUITE disappointed to see that Clay did a cover of D-Side's "Invisible" He does the tune well, but just a shame to see a cover of a single from a boyband that JUST ALSO released that as their single as well in the UK! *tisk tisk*
1 ||| When I received the ordered markers, I tested them right away and they appeared to work fine. When I actually went to use them about 2 days later, the paint ran right thru the marker and puddled on my picture... Not trusting these paint markers anymore, I replaced them with regular sharpie markers.
4 ||| This is by far the best book I have ever read and couldn't recommend it more! Not only did it keep me chuckling throughout, I found myself in awe and amazement at the routines of a large family and the concept of "time-management"! Truly a classic that will suit all ages.
0 ||| Probably the most facile and overrated movie of its genre. Idiotic plot. Tired tension building sequences and juvenile script combine to make this one of the most over-rated films ever produced.
0 ||| This CD is without a doubt the worst Pearl Jam effort I have ever heard. I've read reviews that advise listening to it several times before you judge it however, once was honestly all I could handle. For those of us who have been listening to Pearl Jam over the years, they have often included the occasional out of tune, slightly off key track in some of their albums but this sounds as if disharmony and for lack of a better word "weird" ho-hum effects were the goal. Get back to basics Eddie........Ask youself this, "When was the last time I heard anything from this album played on ANY radio station?"
1 ||| Not supported on NT, 2000 and XP - useless for me. Great game, tried it on W2K pro, but it randomly resets itself, corrupts player data... not fun to lose several hours.
1 ||| Housing cracked as soon as the set screw was tightened down, cheap plastic used in production. Wire hold down tabs very thin metal. I would spend a little extra money and get a quality one if I had to do it over.
3 ||| It's not as nice and thick as those shoe bags that come along with the more expensive shoes, but it does the job. It's better than plastic bags and boxes when you want to put shoes in your luggages.
3 ||| Got this for my kids to look through and prepare for their ASVAB. Checked this out for myself and found it easy to understand. If I would of had this back when I took the ASVAB I would have scored even better than my 82. I would recommend this for any student looking towards a future in the Military.
3 ||| Spell-checking his German would have helped. Getting some of the details right would have been helpful as well. The book is VERY good yarn (thus the three stars), but it's also annoying in it's nationalism (let's call it chauvinism) and stereotypes that border on rascism. Warning: Members of the political left and citizens of non-NATO states might feel offended.
3 ||| STP, such a great band, i feel hasnt lived up to their potential. Even though this cd does not stack up to their predasesors (no. 4) it is however, a good cd. I am probably one of the roughest critics around, but I commend Scott Weiland for pulling through the troubles he has encountered, and for making another work of art for my listening pleasure. I gave this cd a 3 because it doesnt have that, rough edged "dont give a [damn]" attitude STP use to carry. It definitly isnt an Aenima.
3 ||| This book was okay at best. I was waiting for a rise and fall of events or a definitive plot to come along, but when it all came down to it the book just told the story of a girl's life over the course of 1 year. I was looking for more humor and maybe a little more excitment. In fact the only part that caught my attention was the end. If you're looking for a book like this with a similar plot that'll make you laugh and sympathize and keep you on your toes, try 'The Nanny Diaries.'
4 ||| I started reading this for my Women's Health course and could NOT put it down. If you are looking for a general yet intelligent and emotional overview of women's history of healing (or lack thereof) this text is for you. I highly recommend it!
3 ||| This latest T&N video compilation (Vol. 5) is already available at most Christian stores. Anyways, Vol. 5 has two additional videos not listed on the back (one by Plank Eye and one by Joy Electric). Vol. 5 is better than Vol. 4 in that they cut down on the behind-the-scenes stuff. All the videos are good. My favorite ones in particular are "Chase The Sun" (The Supertones), "Rock And Roll Star" (Fanmail), "Goodbye" (Plank Eye), and "Children Of The Lord" (Joy Electric). "Children Of The Lord" has to be the most visually creative of the whole bunch. Overall, a great compilation.
4 ||| I saw Garbage in concert at The Night 89x Stole X-Mas in Detroit, and they were by far the best group there. This album is excellent. A definate buy!
3 ||| When I saw "Charlotte" on the shelf, I was intrigued that there might be one more manuscript that I hadn't heard of. It turns out to be a very readable retread of the "Sanditon" text that has been published in other forms.The author does a good job in recreating some of Austen's signature style, but it seems that the skeleton plot she received did not help her to adequately fill the 240 pages. Some chapters were full of the wit, satire and excellent characterizations typical of an Austen book--others just jumped quickly to cover plot points, and seemed slapdash.I would be curious to go back to other versions of "Sanditon" to see if they were more successful. As I said, this was a diverting text, I read through it in only 3 sittings--but it didn't have the depth of a "Persuasion", or the excellent characterizations of "Pride and Prejudice", or the conflicts and satisfying conclusions of any of her books.
3 ||| While Jean-Claude Van Damme may be a direct to video action star now, Replicant is a surprisingly good film that should have seen time in theaters instead of other Van Damme flops like Knock Off and Double Team. The storyline, which has Van Damme doing double duty as a serial killer called The Torch and a clone of the killer, is instantly ignored as we see how surprisingly creepy and effective Van Damme is as the killer, and how naive and innocent he is as the developing clone. Michael Rooker is great as well (he always is though) as the ex-cop on the killer's trail. The action scenes are very well put together, and as I said before, the acting from Van Damme is so unbelieveably good in his dual roles that you might forgive him for films like Street Fighter and The Quest (well, maybe not), but all in all, Replicant is one of Van Damme's best, and it is a shame it has gone direct to video.
3 ||| The ordered book was prompt delivered, it is visible that is was used but is o.k.
3 ||| I love the author, Elizabeth Gaskell, and have read a couple of her books. Although I haven't read this book yet I look forward to it. I've found a new "favorite" author.
4 ||| Have you ever read abook where you could relate to the characters? I have and this is why I liked OF MICE ANd MEN by John Stienback. Ialso like this book because it kept my attention. There weren't many chapters so it made it seem like it went faster.I enjoyed this book but theres one part I don't like. Just as the book got good one of the main characters accidently kills another. I wasn't expecting this.This author has a way of describing characters that made me relate to them. This made the story more interesting, so did the climax. I couldn't put the book down and the climax was the best part. this authors descriptive writing kept my attention with a great chapter book.
1 ||| I could not use this scopp. The squishy parts of the grip seemed to be on the wrong sides of the handle. I could not get the right leverage with the pointed part of the scoop. It made it painful to get out the ice cream. I love Oxo tools however so tried the round ice cream scoop with the bail to pop out the ice cream. It works great.
4 ||| Take a travel through your mind, body and soul as you listen to any of the albums by the Art Ensemble of Chicago. I highly recomend that you not only check Urban Bushmen out, but as well as all the other albums. I love the music because I can hear all the love and power behind the music that the Art Ensemble of Chicago creates. It's a definate must in everyones cd collection.
0 ||| really bad video, chopped up picture and then sound.sound would work and then the picture would freeze.been a customer for years and the steaming video just doesn't work up to your normal standards
1 ||| I did not like this book very much because well it did not makesence to me because well it was not a good book. I would not reccomendit to anyone no matter what because well i think they will not like it. I did not like the ending it just ended and it did not make sence to me. I liked how they decribed the community and how they decribed the memories Jonas recived and the memories Giver had of his past and other things like that. I liked Asher Jonas's bestfriend and Fioena too and i liked how they decribed Gabe in the book and how they decribed Gabes eyes how Gabe looked a little like Jonas. The other characters in the book were Lilly and mother and father and the old people that Jonas knew and the commity of elders and every one that he knew.
1 ||| While SimpleTech's 256 MB CompactFlash memory card is quite affordable, many users may find it too slow for practical use in today's more memory-intensive digital cameras.If you intend to use it for digital music or cameras of 2 megapixels or so in resolution, great--the card will work just fine. Its 8MB burst and sustained 1.5MB write speeds even work okay in larger resolution cameras for low shooting rates; however, the real bottleneck I found in both my cameras and my laptop was its read time--which could take over a couple of seconds per shot when reviewing pictures!When compared to speed demons like SanDisk's Ultra II cards--or even my backup Vikings--the SimpleTech simply didn't read back quickly enough for my liking. Still, it's on the low end price-wise for 256 MB cards, and for many people the card will work just fine.
1 ||| When looking for a solution to practical real life programming problems,I find it hard to find a solution or an answer in this book. The focus is by far to much on style and how the author would do it rather than to offer relevant working examples relating to the real world, contradicting the title of the book. I got a lot of paper for my money, but that's about it.
1 ||| I laughed a few times at this movie, and at a couple points, I thought, "Aww, that's so mean," and "Is that supposed to be funny, because it's not," but it's not really something I would watch again, I don't think.
1 ||| ADF's great talent lies in creating strange new worlds populated by bizarre creatures. In this regard, Life Form doesn't disappoint. It sometimes reminded me a little too much of Midworld, but it kept me interested enough to finish the book. However, relationships are not the author's forte, and it shows particularly painfully in this story. Overall, the book suffers from a wobbly narrative that is either some sort of third-person limited (which hops from one narrator to another, sometimes within the same paragraph), or a poorly executed third-person omniscient. Too much "tell" and too little "show" is the result, which leaves the reader unengaged.
1 ||| I've been disappointed in (1) this product is light weight and blows off our deck when windy; (2) the light is not bright white as advertised: (3) replacement batteries, although new, don't always function properly and (4) the base on some of ours collect water. Because of these problems, I feel the product is overpriced. I originally purchased 6, then purchased an additional 6. I've also purchased 2 or 3 packs of batteries.I've thrown good money to a not so good cause....still hoping for better 'nights'. I'm on line at this time looking for this product at a lower price. If I find this or something similar for the price I want to pay I'll purchase again. PS. They are so cute!!
3 ||| this product looked great but 8 CD...please !!! not easy to drag around 8 Cds. have to switch cd everytime... beware that th MAC version is cheaper than the windows version.
4 ||| I thought it was a good movie. I grew up watchig transformers. Its nice to see it brought to the big screen.
1 ||| I could hardly stomach these... hopefully the milk chocolate flavor is better. My hands down favorite is actually Costco's brand. Not chalky or weird at all. Don't have a Costco membership anymore though. :(
3 ||| Bought this headlamp for Burning Man - solid product, worked well. The switch sticks a bit, but its probably just the dust. Nice and bright - good price for the brand.
3 ||| This album was recorded at Radio Recorders in December 1952. Radio Recorders was among the best studios in the country at that time. Fred Astaire recorded a two disc album with Oscar Peterson that same month and it is crystal clean. Also Ben Webster recorded there with the Ravens in December 1952 as did Anita O'Day - all with good clean results. Clearly the Peterson tapes are missing and noisy discs were all that was available for the making of the Peterson cd.Normaly I don't like noise reduction but... the 4 CD set Piano Power (available at Amazon) includes all the cuts on this Duke CD and are much, much quieter. Good use of noise reduction.
3 ||| I like them, the fit pretty well, sound quality is very good, though I would expect higher from Altec Lansing. Still by far the best in it's price range.I wouldn't recommend it for production A/V use, but for online gaming, online talk features in IM software, as well as just a regular set of headphones, it's a good product.
4 ||| Would highly recommend for your library. Enjoyed the teachings and it holds much truth. History Channel rarely disappoints, so this holds true to their work. Enjoy.
1 ||| I love the fact it keeps my daughter down in the water more than any other float but she can stick her face in the water surrounding her. She is very daring in the pool. Yesterday she dunked her head in the water surrounding the float at least 3-4 times and I had to pull her out and make sure she was okay. You have to be very careful with it.
2 ||| Been trying to find a copy of this book for a while (while not paying list price of course). How can you go wrong at $0.00 + shipping and handling. Only issue was that someone had highlighted the book in pink. The rating on the book was 4 stars. though the cover looked good, someone should have flipped through it. Only better solution would have been if I had visited the store myself. Since options for used books in my area are limited, this was the best choice.
2 ||| Features NOT listed. The original is anamorphic ws & hsd some nice features. It'd be nice if Amazon would tell us what is on this "Special Edition". I don't know whether to keep my 2001 released dvd or buy the new one & without information you really can't make a proper decision.
1 ||| this book was boring, in the end Turtle dies and Taylor, broken hearted, commits suicide. but that was the only good part. i would NOT reccomend this to ANYONE. RIGHT ON STUBERT! hewnawnnwnwaa
4 ||| I read this book at least a decade ago but it left a lasting impression. In it, we follow the story of an adolsecent girl as she wanders into the frozen north on a quest to save her village. Reality seems to disolve as time progresses and it becomes almost dream like. I liked it. Great book for a winter's night.
1 ||| this album is forced....very forced. kiss knew they had to come up with something fast. there was zero effort put into this album...the gayest song ever written is "you wanted the best you got the best" are they kidding? i am a long time kiss fan for 21 years and i dont believe they put this out. a song about putting the makeup back on??? what??? remember "hotter than hell" and "creatures of the night"? psycho circus is such a novelty album...its not even a group effort...ace has one track and peter didnt even play drums on the album. money money money. i love kiss, but nowadays gene and paul want the money. they're old. ace has started drinking and doing drugs again...he cant even stand up straight or talk. hes barely coherent. gene and paul just want him to make it through the next tour. im over it. ive lost interest...kiss...you're too old...end the farewell tour now.
4 ||| I love T-fal brand cookware. It is durable, non stick coating is perfect, and cooks well. This pan is on par with all other T-fal cookware.Highly recommend.
3 ||| The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde used to be known as a "Shilling Shocker." For many years, it certainly was a "shocker" but by contemporary standards it is certainly past it's prime. I still found it very intriguing (it could be considered the world's first psychological thriller). The manner in which Stevenson writes is very fitting to The Strange Case. It is interesting to mentally piece together all of the parts which Stevenson includes. For anyone who is willing to put themselves in another time period, the book should be great. It's most interesting component is the way the "mystery" is presented, through the eyes of an attorney. Nothing is clear, everything is left to be interpretted by the reader. This clouded view makes the book as mysterious as it is. Throughout most of the story, it is unclear if Dr.Jekyll and Mr. Hyde are one. A disturbing link is always portrayed between the two however.
3 ||| We'd heard this show was hilarious, so I bought it. If you liked PoliceSquad and the related movies, When Things Were Rotten and other Mel Brooksworks, you may find this amusing. If those don't tickle your funny bone, andyou're still curious about this show, I recommend renting or borrowing itfirst. There were a few lines here and there and only a couple of scenesthat were funny. Most of it was so predictable, we were falling asleep. Toomany times they worked a gag to death so that what little humor there was inthe beginning was long gone and we wanted them to move on. The actors werefine in their roles. We can enjoy a good parady, but didn't find this showto be in that catagory.
3 ||| There are three very good tracks on this CD featuring Knopfler on guitar. The rest is basic Irish music featuring a traditional Irish type of flute. It is an aquired taste. I found it to be high pitched and annoying. The music works well as the soundtrack of the movie which is love story set in the background of the IRA. But, the story is bleak and depressing, and so is the music. Out of the context of the movie, the music isn't that pleasant to listen to, and would be a real downer for a Sunday brunch or a dinner party. Someone calls it challenging. It is a challenge to sit through it.If you like the Titanic soundtrack, you would probably appreciate this. As a bonus, you don't have to listen to Celine Dion sing.
3 ||| Im a great fan of south park. I own all the 3 seasons on Dvd, the only thing that i dont like is...the south park seasons on dvd have the annoying bleeps when you would see watching the tv show, those thats not really any problem still a good show, though the reason for me buying the dvd was to not have the show censored, because if that was the case, they shouldnt use those words at all.
1 ||| I had always been a loyal customer for pampers products. My son is now 11 months old and except for the first month, I had always used only pampers diapers and wipes. I have used these products in India and the quality was much better. I came to USA last month and since I had always used pampers, I went for pampers diapers again.To my dismay, the quality is so low but I thought that it would atleast work well. I have noted that it doesn't last for more than 5 hours. I put the diaper on at 830PM in the night and must change it at around 2 AM in the morning. One day night I didn't change his diaper at 2 and I woke up at 3AM when my son woke up crying, I was so shocked to see the diaper gel lying all over the bed. The bed and the comforter was all covered with the gel that came out.I feel that pampers should atleast consider the health of babies and make sure that their products are upto the standards.
4 ||| Simply the best concealer available. Brushes on for an almost invisible light-diffusing effect to obscure flaws; both wrinkles and discolorations.
1 ||| This fan heater can oscillate, which is controlled by the foot switch (i.e., the foot switch doesn't turn the heater on or off). You can tilt the heater, too, but not by much. Overall, the heater feels cheaply made and soemtimes it doesn't work; I have to unplug and replug it to make it go again.The markings for the two knobs (left for power/fan level, right for thermostat) are *very* hard to see; they are almost non-existent. This is a very stupid design decision.I wouldn't buy this heater again despite its low price and good safety features.
4 ||| It's surprising how easy it is to strap this onto my Prius and pull it back off. It only takes about 2-3 minutes to put it into place, and the same again to put two bikes on it. It took a bit of getting used to how the tie straps work, but once I did, it's quick and easy. The rack is also very light. But the bikes stay very firmly in place. We drove four hours with these over both small state roads and interstate highways, and the bikes barely wobbled, we never feared them sliding or falling off.
3 ||| This is not a classic KV book in the sense that there is no science fiction element, but everything else one has come to expect from KV can be found. Even in such a serious book Vonnegut finds a way to add his dark humor without disrespecting his message. And as usual Vonnegut offers an original perspective on a topic that is commonly used. Any Vonnegut lover should make sure that this book gets entered into their library. This may not be Vonnegut's best (my opinion it is Cats Cradle) but it is still an incredible read. My only problem is the same problem with most of his books; they are too short. It always feels like he has so much else to say, but I guess we cannot get greedy. This is a book for everybody.
1 ||| This might have been a cool movie, but I couldn't tell from this DVD. Although obviously shot in widescreen, the image here is cropped to a boxy square and looks faded and beat up. It was so bad I didn't even bother to finish watching the movie. My advice would be to wait for a proper DVD release.
4 ||| I felt Nicole Kidman, Julianne Moore, and Meryl Streep all deserved the academy award. This movie is so excellant, and it stays with you.Its about three women, Nicole Kidman portraying Virgina Wolfe, Julianne Moore portraying a mother who wants to start a new life and is feeling overwhelmed, and meryl streep who is getting married but spends alot of her time taking care of a sick friend, and its starting to take its toll on her. this movie is beautifully filmed, acted and scored. Highly recommended.
4 ||| Love it! I love its natural materials, and I love that my son will be able to use it different ways as he gets older.We got it for him 5 months ago for his 1st birthday. It came together fairly easily. Right now he just runs in there and "hides" every once in a while, but I anticipate that it'll be a part of creative play, plus just some personal space for him, as he gets older.We haven't done any painting yet - I figure that'll be a project in a few years.
3 ||| My wife would constantly go to her parent's house to borrow their Maida Heatter books. I decided it was time for us to have some of our own. I was quite pleased to find there were books that had aggregated her recipes by type. This way we do not have to try to remember which pie is in which book. It's also nice having a large format hard cover rather than paperbacks that are harder to keep open to the page you are using.
1 ||| While this DVD will, in fact, be playable on a computer or a Region 1 player, the image quality is very poor. Scenes shot outdoors will be washed out and overexposed, and any rapid on-screen motion will cause the image to blur perceptibly. This gets worse as the film progresses. I got suckered into buying this clinker before warnings about the difference in regions were posted prominently. However, I don't believe incompatibility entirely accounts for the poor performance of this product: it looks and behaves like a poorly-executed copy of a copy made by a company that is not equipped (or doesn't care enough) to produce a high-quality DVD.
4 ||| I ordered the aerobed for visiting guests, and they loved it. Also, it fit nicely in my space-challenged unit. Shipping was great! Price was great! all happy campers.
3 ||| This is not the Crocodile dentist i had as a child! It is half the size and a bit cheap looking, but still fun and there are no loose pieces so it can be taken anywhere
2 ||| Hi I`ve just saw this production of Genesis . I am sorry but Ithink that Lux Vide could have done a better production of thecreation and the flood . I could not understand who the Naratorwas . What had the Beginning and that man`s life had to do witheach other . The other productions like Solomon,Abraham,EstherJesus were much better
1 ||| This book is thought of by many to be a sort of modern classic, but I really didn't like it. It's full of plot twists that lead absolutely NOWHERE. There are certain revelations that make the preceding part of the novel seem a total waste of time. The character's efforts have no effect and eventually, the book is resolved when the virus mutates into a harmless form. The whole book is a waste of time. The characters are useless. The book is just a way for Crichton to show off medicla knowledge. All in all, it's a mess
3 ||| I thought A Clockwork Orange is a great book. It is certainlynot for the weak, though. Its kind of hard at first, because ofNadSat, the language derived from Russian that Alex uses. I also recommend that you also see the movie of the same title by Stanley Kubrick and starring Malcolm McDowell.
3 ||| Gabriel's work during this period was becoming more dense, more intricate and exact. He'd been playing with synthesizers for a couple of years and started to compose music that relied on atmosphere rather than standard chord progressions (call it "modal rock"). This album shows Gabriel and his band stripping the compositions to the bone for simpler live execution. On the more generic songs (DIY, I Don't Remember, On the Air) it works. Unfortunately, the same process turns some tracks into semi-disco mush, complete with grating synth drums and fake piano. Not as engaging as "Secret World Live", but the versions of Intruder and Family and the Fishing Net compensate for the album's flaws.
1 ||| Was hoping for more based on the reviews, but there are too many plot holes and assumptions. It was a good story that could have been told better.
4 ||| It is an inventive album and I love to listen to it. The Rutabega's vocals are very sweet or mysterious, do you think?
0 ||| Camera work and dance numbers were all greatBUTAudio is terrible! Not sure which bonehead was in charge of mixing the DTS but there is no bass, no surround effect, no presence. I've tried it with $5K+ home theater setups and this disc makes the system sound as if they were $3 computer speakers. I had the same issues with the earlier release, with the hopes that the DTS was done properly. No such luck!!Way to go Eagle Rock
2 ||| There lots of notes wrote in most of the pages. Sometimes it is very difficult keep up with the literature.
3 ||| This book is about a group of young British boys stranded on an island. No more, no less.
3 ||| The product is OK. It converts 220/110 and 110/220. However it works only for very low demanding appliances (up to 50W) so be careful. It comes with two adapters that alone cost between 5$ to 10$ in airports and big retail stores. So good Deal. Only drawback, it is very heavy and hence should be used with an extension cord on the floor.
1 ||| Very low-budget program. Two actors who are used over and over again, walking, strolling, reflecting, running, sighing, staring, falling down. Repetitive scenery shots abound. Little useful information, and very few clans. Monotonous narrator. Could have been an informational delight. Instead, a static drone.
4 ||| This horseshoe cat is aweomse! I would like to buy more for my Christmas presents. Very well made and good value.
0 ||| If you have any interest in and concern for the written word in extended texts then this book is not for you: 95% of these designers seem to actively loathe it. It already looks out of date; grossly impoverished intellectually, this arty rubbish is of a piece with the poverty of contemporary trade book production.
3 ||| I first put this in the crib, only to find my daughter not able to touch it. The straps only worked on the sides of my crib for a good fit. So I decided to attach it to the changing table. This worked out great! I am able to keep my daughter entertained with the bubbles and fish moving around while I change her. I even used it for the night changes and adjusted the sound so it wouldn't wake my husband. She is 6months old now and loves to touch the ball to make the clam open his mouth.
1 ||| Interesting little book. I'm uncertain whether anyone could learn anything from a book about dance, but used as an aid or reference to enhance live instruction, it might be useful... perhaps. Unfortunately, this fifty page book, which saves it's suggested ballroom routine for pages 31 and following, is printed pages 1 through 30 - the last 20 pages being left blank.I returned one copy explaining how it was defective only to receive another that was exactly the same way. I suspect that all the remaining copies have the same defect, and we could go on and on like this for a very long time.
3 ||| After reading Galapagos and Cat's Cradle, Breakfast of Champions poorly portray's the brilliance of Kurt Vonnegut. The story drags and seems inadequate.It does pick up at the end though, where it somewhat redeems itself. Vonnegut's typical skewed view of the world narrates you through the story of two strangers who have alot more to do with each other than they know of. Vonnegut shares with the readers his view on life.
0 ||| The mouse cursor started jumping around like crazy after a couple of months and the keyboard went completely dead a couple of months later.
1 ||| I bought this lens to take some close-up shots of stationary items under low to moderate light environments. It is utterly useless for that application. The lens blocks the flash and you get a dark photo with a near-black 40% swatch in the lower right of the frame. It may be useful for those who plan to use it outdoors or in bright light situations, but if you're looking to take close-ups indoors, save your money.
3 ||| How can I write a book about a bunch of shallow, avaristic, name-dropping money-grubbers and make them appear to be heroic and noble? Let's set it in Africa and draw it out so boringly and lenghtily that the reader will completely loose interest in it after 25 pages. Let's also make it totally implausible and drop every advertiser's name in the affluent world of priviledge like Cartier and Bentley... Well, you get the picture. After the glorious Monsoon and River God, this broke my heart.
3 ||| Well, the first 150 pages ruled, then it got dull. Mr. Chrichton seemed to forget what he was doing, and tried to "fill space". I actually wet myself in the first 100 pages it was so intense. But something was missing from the second half. I recomend it. But don't expect the most emmaculate of endings.
1 ||| I somehow missed that this book is soft cover and not the standard hardcover like all the other Dr. Seuss books. I didn't feel that the audio CD was worth it to have a software version of the book, so I returned it. I thought the book would get destroyed easily and would not stand the test of time like those I had as a kid that were passed down to me from my siblings. I haven't ordered the hard cover version yet, but from now on I will always make sure the description says hard cover.
1 ||| I wanted to love this, I really did. Unfortunately, just like every other self tanner on the planet, I looked orange. That being said, I was not nearly as orange as some other products have made me, which made fixing my mistake with exfoliating a lot less difficult.
0 ||| Terrifically disappointing multinational-corporatism-capitalist (MCC) propaganda piece. The author's premise seems to come down to this--people can only be free and happy in shadows of MCC. Phrases (no kidding!) like "What went wrong--*too much democracy*" actually appear throughout the book. Trade unions are vehicles of "thuggery," etc etc etc. Honest to god, I'm basically speechless after wading through the book. An establishment, corporatist "take" on how/why people get what they deserve when they dare to reject free marketry (and are then deliberately hobbled by those in a position to behave in a moral, responsible, socially conscious manner)....much like Cuba is held up to Americans as ostensible proof of socialism's abject failure, rather than what happens when a country is cut off/isolated and left to die, rather than respected and engaged. An excellent example of the logical fallacy of false-dilemna.
4 ||| Use this to photograph baseball and it has never had any issues. Well built, lens that produces sharp images.
3 ||| Well, I waded through it and got to the end, but I have to say that neither the writing style nor the story would attract me to seek the author's next book. I'm sure it's the sort of stuff some people might appreciate, but the sense of humor is somewhat 'specialised' for my own liking.
1 ||| For the Casino enthusiast, this is a great Casino Game Package, complete with tournaments and most of the casino card games. But, it a has a bug that causes it to lock up every few minutes and must be re-entered, however, it does not lose your "money." It is very aggravating, though, so I am ordering the Bally Casino Games that has better reviews.
4 ||| I love Hercule Poirot! He is the most complex detective. Everyone else is utterly baffled and M. Poirot has everything figured out in his "little grey cells", and who could forget about Miss Marple? She is the queen of mystery and Hercule Poirot is the king! If these two were to work together then no evil mastermind could win. Miss Marple is as great as Dorothy Gilman's Mrs. Pollifax. Her cunning outsmarts us all. I just LOVED this book!
1 ||| Missing a lot of songs, particularly from Head To The Sky. Concentrates solely on radio hits and does not add too much else. You could probably add about five more songs onto this CD.
3 ||| I've read the 4 books by Jean M. Auel (twice). I'm sure the story has not ended yet. I cannot sleep because I want to know what happens next. Please Mrs. Auel could you finish the other books as you entended to do ? A suggestion : the story is very strong on its own. No need to waste paper by inserting a full description of their love-life every twenty pages. I'm sure you did it for commercial reasons and not because the story is incomplete without these descriptions. Thanks for the many hours of joy I had with your books. Hope I did not make to many mistakes in English.Anita
4 ||| Yanni's music can be an awe-inspiring at times. I wished that I was listening to this compact disc collection of his music while it is cold and in the wintertime. The title, Snowfall, makes you wish for winter once again and snow. Yanni's music is great new age. Maybe it's better because there are no lyrics or vocals. It would spoil the sound of his music which can be heard endlessly without getting tired. It's not elevator music but good elevating music to soothe the soul after a hard day at work or at home. Each song makes you forget your troubles for just a little bit.
1 ||| The better cuts on this CD are the POP songs. Over sings R&B trying to find the sound that does not exist for her. Stick to POP/ROCK and I might buy the next CD. Kelly does not have a soulful voice. Also, very painfull to watch live.
3 ||| I'm picky about watches and this had everything I wanted in a low budget field watch. Stainless case, large bold hands and Arabic numerals, mineral crystal, date, and indiglo. The style is great and I've actually gotten random compliments on it. Pretty good for a Timex!The down side. The band came apart after about two months. No sweat, I wanted a NATO band anyway. The Date function is the weakness. Every two or three weeks it randomly gains or looses a day or two. Might be an issue with the crown popping out a bit but when I try to set the date i have to fiddle with it to get it to move. Its like there is a small gear that is partially stripped or not quite fully engaging. Anyway, it happens enough that I am looking for a new watch. Too bad. I really like it otherwise.
4 ||| If you are new to playing lottery then this is the book to get. Plenty of charts to get you thinking and analyzing numbers so you can create your OWN systems. I highly recommend this book for all beginning lottery enthusists.
1 ||| This is not a "Kiss" album. This is an album where Gene & Paul hired Ace to play and paid Peter to sing...Criss does not play drums on this album. What you get here is nowhere even close to a group effort. Just an effort to $$$ in on the subsequent reunion tour. It is impossible for me to rate this higher considering it's a Kiss infomercial in the form of a cd. Notice how many used product there is for sale? How about the going price for a used "Psycho Circus"? ...
1 ||| This film is much too dark and serious for its own good. Nobody is happy, nobody smiles, and just about everybody dies with gratuitous gruesomeness. The only one who seems to have any fun at all is Satan!The effects, video and audio are no less than you would expect from a big budget thriller, but don't even bother trying to think about the storyline. The DVD itself is impeccably presented, with plenty of goodies.But Arnie, Arnie... what were you thinking? What -- no one liners, no humour, and you actually buy it at the end? What happened to your superhero powers? Sorry, but this is not how I like my Arnie movies. Mindless I don't mind (so to speak)... but a FUNLESS Arnie movie? No thanks.
2 ||| Is a whole different world away.... Ollie's entire life changes from hot New York music publicist to blue collar working man in New Jersey in the blink of an eye. When his daughter is born her mother (Jennifer Lopez) dies suddenly leaving him a widowed single father who needs his dad's help to raise a child. Even though Ollie keeps wishing for his old life back ... it takes a new love (Liv Tyler) to tell him "You're not that guy anymore".
1 ||| I have not used it yet. I tried to balance the scale to zero, but I can't seem to keep it zeroed. The unit is mainly plastic and very light weight. At this point, I'm not impressed.
1 ||| Oh it boils water and it pours nice but soon after you use it it stops whistling and you may burn the pot when your depending on the whistle. A big safety hazard.
3 ||| Be carefully which version buy. Unlike other studios that offers both full and widescreen on the same DVD, Universal is dumb and greedy enough to release two versions. Check the right version before you buy. The full frame version must from the VHS tape master which is less detail and grainy compares to the widescreen version not to mention mutilated the film.The sound is the same for both films, which are good but not great. Wish they had DTS version instead of the full frame.Four stars for the widescreen version on audio and video.Three stars for the content as a decent B movie.
3 ||| Unlike the first two books in the series Spellbinder switches it's romantic connections to witches insted of vampires. Blaise uses human men as toys till they go crazy, and when she sets her eyes on Eric, Thea's soulmate Thea will do anything to protect him, even if it means breaking the laws of the Night World. A great addition to the series that will have you excited to read more. Though it's a step down from Daughters of Darkness it stands well on it's own.
4 ||| A wonderful cool looking device that immediately worked under Linux. Only problem: Most computers (such as my notebook purchased last year) do not have a usb 2.0 port. The drive also works with the old usb 1.1, but will only run at a speed of 6x instead of 24x.So you will have to buy a usb 2.0 port card in addition to this drive. Apart from that it would be 5 out of 5 stars:The buffer-underrun-protection works wonderfully, and that it can play mp3 cds without the computer being connected is just another plus.Linux 2.4.19 will have usb 2.0 drivers included, they are already in the 2.4.19pre3 code.MichaelPS: Windows XP worked also, but Linux is just better ;-)
4 ||| There is no shortage of scary books that selectively present facts to promote a specific agenda - whether environmentalist, free market or whatever. This book on the other hand is very balanced and presents a thorough analysis of different points of view. That is what really makes it scary - you can't discount the arguments as a partisan polemic.The author has managed to keep a certain pace and tell a story without diluting the analytical aspects. So this work of non-fiction is almost as engaging as a well-written fiction.
0 ||| I am a very keen student of palmistry and doing it for 6 years. I have read many books on the subject which are close to 50. This book is a real waste of money. It is like a story book telling stories 90% of the time and giving 10% information which I dare say is true. The author as put up a name synonymous with the great palmist St German to get more people buy this waste of a book.The information in terms of palmistry is so minimum, I could tell all what was in the book in 5 pages.Devil must have struk me when I bought it. I am highly displeased. What a waste of my 10 dollars :(
0 ||| The lead actress does a poor job of acting.Was recently in Ireland and stopped at the location of this film.
2 ||| First and formost, this is an extreme sports (specifically snowboarding) movie. If you don't snowboard, you probably won't enjoy it as much as I did. To give credit where credit is due, the plot isn't about some boarders who get in the way of some terrorists and decide to kick some butt. It's about some snowboarders shooting a commerial who get in the way of some terrorists and are trying to get there heck out of there when they realize what's up.The stunts are no doubt over the top, just as you would expect, and the characters all contribute some good humor. Don't put on huge expectations, and you'll be rewarded with a good ride.
3 ||| The director's cut is far, far better. Listening to Deckard's amazingly borish narration ruins the mystique entirely. The happy ending inserted in the original is typical of how hollywood butchers something perfectly grand because it doesn't wrap up everything in a tidy cliched package. One of the best features of the film is the startling ending.
1 ||| Her interviews with cheating wives were written in the authors own interpretations. (which she writes like bad Harlequin novels) For example: The 'Doctor' affair cannot be true, no Dr would invite a new patient with an emergency knife cut wound into an empty office after hours and then attempt to seduce the married patient with lines like "leave your blouse open we are casual here" or "one man's pain is another man's pleasure" with a leering grin, can you say Malpractice suit? The other stories are all just as bad/fake and there is never any conclusion to the question on the title why do wives cheat, what is the purpose of the book? This is just boring stories of desperate house-wife wannabees that may or may not have actually happened, not a self help or informal non-fiction.
4 ||| So, I placed my order Oct.30. They arrived in my mailbox 10 days later,very appropriately wrapped and in good health. I was very surprised to find that they came directly from Thailand to my home in Florida. Whenever I travel overseas I like to sneak cutting or seeds in my suitcase and worry about getting caught by immigration who hate for us to import vegetation. Apparently customs passed the lemongrass without any problems!!! Yeah!!Anyway, as soon as they arrived I unpacked the 8 stalks and stuck them in water. Today is 5 days later and all of the stalks have started to sprout!!!!I am so thrilled with this and look forward to seeing the fresh leaves pop out from the top. I plan to plant these so I can enjoy a lifetime of this wonderful fresh, therapeutic herb. Thanks Franz Market for a job well done and for making me a happy little camper :) GOD BLESS!
1 ||| This brush was great for awhile on my grilled stuff, as well as on all of my baked items. Unfortunately after about ten washes half of the bristles came out at once! Oy. Don't buy this one unless you don't want something that lasts.
3 ||| This movie was alittle better than the original that was not liked by many people, but grossed 86 million at the box office, making it the most successful independent film back when it came out. This version is better because it's faster, and makes more sense. Ryan Renalds gives a better performance then James Browlin, and so does the rest of the cast. Watch this movie over the original, because it is more enjoyable, but not very much.
4 ||| Speaking as a blonde I can say that this is EASY to put together.Some of the very best instructions I have seen anywhere. Great Buy and a beautiful product. It holds up to 550 pounds, so it will even hold most Americans!
2 ||| Your only sample was the Star Spankled Banner, I know what that sounds like. It was the other selections that I would be interested inb
4 ||| The Seventh book in a series of books that keep the reader in supense from the begining to the end. I loved the series sence I read the first book and afer I got done with book 5(that was all that was out at the time)I wanted to read them again. Now that there are seven books I have read all of the books at least 3 times if not more and I will keep on reading untill Jordan stopes or I Die(the second isn't any time soon).
1 ||| While this item is listed as "brushed nickel," and the shower head itself looks OK, the arm that holds the unit onto the shower is nothing but cheap, plain dove gray plastic (not even metal-look, just plain PVC). A metal attachment is standard and not only does the plastic look terrible (and is never mentioned, or shown, anywhere in the description), but it also doesn't seem like it would hold up very well either. This one is going back to Amazon!
1 ||| I just didn't want to pick it up anymore. It just seemed like sex and violence. The first sex scene was good but after that it just seemed like the author was trying to be sensational - which I find boring. This sex stuff is interspersed with all sorts of violence and cruelty in the guise of religious ritual, accidents,etc - also boring to me. Furthermore, I felt this wasn't giving me a genuine picture of Mexico in the 16th century. When my daughter told me she was half-way through the book and was still waiting for a plot to emerge, I decided I was going to toss the book and assume that the rest of it was going to be 99% garbage like the first quarter. Why waste my time any more? I gave it 2 stars because it is well-written, that is, readably written.
1 ||| "Beauty and the beast" by a director that wants to be David Lynch. Human beings don't act like human beings. It's all about a sense of weirdness, and any resemblance to the historical Diane Arbus is entirely coincidental. And that's a pity because her life was interesting
1 ||| I bought these for my Mom who is getting up in age. I thought it would be nice for all the grandkids. It did't work, it only recorded part of her voice and was returned.
2 ||| If you are a fan of Full Moon movies, or of the Night of the Demons series then this should be right up your alley. But if you have the choice between video and DVD, pick up the video instead. The packaging for this states that the extras include 40 Full Moon trailers, 2 theatrical trailers (funny since this movie was direct to video), Cast info, and a Featurette: The Making of Witchouse. What you REALLY get is 6 trailers, 34 less than advertised, lame cast bios and no Featurette. Someone over at Full Moon made a pretty big mistake and noone else there caught it. I think anyone interested in this should be aware of what you are really getting, ripped off! For the price, the DVD with the extras it has is pretty good, but since it advertises more than it delivers, the rating suffers. You're better off with the video, you'll get a few trailers, and the featurette appears after the film. You won't be missing anything.
1 ||| The worst of the Deryini novels by far. I hate to give one of Ms. Kurtz's Deryini novels a bad review because her work has given me great pleasure over the years, but this novel stinks. Any one of her others in the series I'd give a 4 star rating at worst. Even the look of the cover has a look one wouldn't expect from this author--a cheesy romance. She has changed publishers. Could this have anything to do with the turn towards the worse her writing has taken? Normally her novels are serious page-turners for me, keeping me up to all hours of the morning, but I had to force myself over the course of several months to finish this one. If you are a fan go ahead and buy it; if new to the series, don't bother.
3 ||| This play house is so much bigger once you get it out in the open. Does not seem very sturdy, but time will tell
4 ||| This toy was given to my son at 4 months of age. He is a big boy and has never had any problems touching the bottom. It also has adjustable height so that it will grow with him. He loves pushing the buttons to make the animals sing. And when the duck quacks so does he!! Great investment!!
4 ||| Simply beautiful, brilliant music. If the idea of spending 40 or 50 dollars for this set puts you off, please don't let it. The more Jobim, the better, and the 3 CDs is nowhere near exhausting or overkill. Even the last CD, which has multiple versions of his most famous songs, is varied enough that you don't even notice. If you've never owned a Jobim record or even if you've only heard of him, this is really the very best way to start, even better than just a single Lp. After getting this, you'll only want more; as well as more music from Stan Getz, Joao Gilberto, Astrud Gilberto and Elis Regenta as well.
1 ||| I am a native fourth generation Floridian and so have a great affinity for all Florida history. I anxiously began this book expecting to gain new insights into Edison's life while living in Ft. Myers. If you share my interest, this book is NOT for you! The information seems overly generalized, poorly written and lacking of any true substance.If you want to learn about Florida history and/or Edison in particular don't waste any time on this book.
4 ||| I think readers who are more knowledgeable in British history will have even more fun reading this book. Although I am confuse by all the Richards, Edwards and Elizabeths and the lords and the ladies, I still think this is a wonderful story. The case is convincingly presented. I even had a vivid dream in which I was arguing for Richard III's innoncence!
1 ||| Less western, more what makes a woman tick. Not a favorite, skipped whole paragraphs after one too many trips through this girl's two page at a thought train.
2 ||| After I got this item in I realized that it is for a HD DVD. Is there anyway I can return it? I have no HD DVD and the only way I can watch it is by trying to find a HD DVD player.
3 ||| My brother lives in Bangkok and I've been there many times so I was keen to see what a novel set there would be like and I wasn't disappointed - Mr Moore evokes the seediness and poverty without it appearing soul-destroyingly hopeless because he manages to balance it with interesting characters (both the good, the bad and the humanly flawed), a good mystery and moments of beauty and humour. I enjoyed it and intend to try the next one...
4 ||| This third venture is more understated but more thoughtful than her previous work. I've listened to it several times now and each time I like it better.
2 ||| The quality of the film was great. The film itself was ok. Not great, not horrible. I wouldn't watch it again. Danny Devito is funny.
3 ||| THE MID 1950'S COUNT BASIE "NEW TESTAMENT" BAND IS MY FAVORITE PERIOD IN HIS LONG CARRER AS A BIG BAND LEADER (NOT TOMENTION HIS SMALL COMBO RECORDINGS AS WELL). THIS IS A FANTASTIC ALBUM AND THIS NEWER, SMOOTHER, BRASSIER SOUND IS PERFECT FOR HIS VOCALIST, JOE WILLIAMS. BASIE'S EARLIER RECORDINGS WITH JIMMY RUSHING SINGING THE MALE LEAD WERE A BIT MORE FREE-SWINGING, THIS IS IS THAT SLICK, SMOOTH, TIGHT, ORCHESTRATED MUSIC THAT PUNCTUATED HIS LATER CAREER. JOE WILLIAMS NEVER SOUNDED BETTER.
1 ||| I was sadly very disappointted by this book. The postive light is that Robert Frost's works are there and as always wonderful. Yet the contents and way that the book is actually set up is very confusing. It has no index and the contents is blantently wrong. Their is no order to where the works are and poems, plays and stories are mixed in amongest one another. I would recommend to all that they read Robert Frost yet certainly not in this frustraiting fashion.
1 ||| Morgan decribes common assumptions about organizations - he helps to reveal the hidden assumptions behind the managers perceptions. What do we mean when we say that 'organizations are like animals'? It is pretty easy to start to think from a metaphor, and end up in literal believing in it (e.g. that 'organizations live and die', 'organizations have evolutions'). Such reifications are carefully described by Morgan - several most recurrent metaphors of organizations and popular organization theories basing on them are clearly described, and their pros and cons are pointed out. Having read 'Images of Organizations', it is much more difficult to adopt illusionate metaphors, and to get persuaded by a biased visioner.
0 ||| bought this disk... hd dvd side locked my machine up contact toshiba upgraded my firmware with no help... toshiba says its the disk's fault..played fine on a A30 machine... I wouldn't buy any duel disk again ...
4 ||| John Cleese can make just about anyone laugh. This series of shows is totally hilarious. It is hard to decide which one is a most favorite because each episode has its own sort of theme and the cast seems perfect for the roles. Too bad there aren't more of these shows. Very worthwhile to get.
0 ||| If you like the Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood then don't read this book. It takes all your favorite characters and ruins them. I had been really looking forward to reading this book and it ended up making me cranky.
4 ||| The original title for this album was "Get Back" because - after years of experimentation, the Beatles were ready to return to their routes. I for one don't recall their routes involving Phil Spector. Still, the album contains many great songs, which I have enjoyed listening to again and again. "Two of Us" is one of my favorite Beatles songs, as is "Let it Be." Other goodies include "The Long and Winding Road," "For You Blue," "Get Back" and "One After 909." Then we have the complete duds "Dig It" and "Maggie Mae" which should never have come out. But on the whole this is a very good, enjoyable album.
1 ||| This guide does contain a lot of valuable information, but it is very poorly written - not a professional quality document - lengthy, wordy prose, long paragraphs, poorly organized. For some reason, these calculators are plagued with horrible documentation, no matter who writes it. Apparently, the assumption is that if you're smart enough to use them, you should be smart enough to figure them out. This is true - but it's time consuming and not worth it unless you REALLY need the functionality they provide. If you must use one of the advanced HP calculators, this pamplet may be of some help if it doesn't give you a headache - otherwise buy an HP 40GS, which is the best grapher on the market by a long shot and costs half the price of a 50G. 40GS comes with a great manual and is very intuitive to use and program.
3 ||| Any fan of Zoo Tycoon 2 should love this expansion. This expansion pack includes:* 20 new rare animals with many endangered* Vehicle & Sky Tram Tours* Elevated paths* New challenges* New objects with some themedThe new animals are really near & the 2 kinds of tours are an excellent addition. My only complaint is that there aren't more challenges. There are only 3 categories with 3 scenarios in each. The 3 scenarios in 1 of the categories is just taking certain pictures. How easy is that? I want more challenges!!! The only other thing that I could nit-pick on would be that fact that the zookeepers still have trouble getting to some of the poop. Overall though I would recommend this game as long as you can get it at a good price.
1 ||| This book is OK, I had to read it for school. It was bearable, but I wouldn't have read it if I had a choice. First of all, I'm not interested in World War 2, and secondly it seemed unrealistic for a realistic book. There were a few exciting parts, but I wouldn't recommend it.
4 ||| I've only just started reading the book but so far I've enjoying what I've read of it to this point.
0 ||| I hate not finishing a book. It was so awful, after the 5th attempt at reading it, I gave up.It was a book picked for my book club reading. uuggg!!!!
4 ||| I had the original DVD of the Mummy and as soon as I found out that they were coming out with an Ultimate Edition, I immediately sold my old one and bought the new one. It's almost the same as the first DVD except that now there is a DTS soundtrack. There are a few other extras but for me the main reason to buy it was watching it in DTS. As far as the movie itself, yes its no horror movie, but it is a fun summer movie. Great action, great special effects and lots of laughs. Not a film to take seriously but a film to go in and have a good time, for me anyway. If you are a fan of the movie and you have a DVD player, this is a must get.
1 ||| I had the misfortune of stumbling across the last 45 mins. of this (bowdlerized) flick on TV a few nights ago. I had hoped to stumble upon a redeeming quality, but I never did. This movie can best be described as high-gloss, highly-produced, heavily-veiled porn that passes itself off as mainstream entertainment. It's a great movie if you're into exotic dancing and topless girls, but if not, you're better off moving onto something else.I cringed at each sight of Elizabeth Berkley's straggly, curly mop hair and too-big lips.
0 ||| While this vacuum may do the job, it is something I regret purchasing.I bought it as Costco and I did not research the product or any others before purchasing it, I bought it from a friend's recommendation. It is VERY difficult to take apart and put back together. When I clean it I get dirt all over myself (I don't understand this bag less vacuum craze, while it is environmentally friendly, it is in no way convenient or pleasant) To top it off, the burning smell that others have reported is something I have experienced as well. I would not waste the money, it is a very cheap quality vacuum and has a short life.If I had another suggestion I would gladly give it. I do not have a lot of experience purchasing a vacuum, I can only assume it is worth doing a little research and investing more money.
4 ||| As one would expect these producrions are beautifully presented. The quality of the acting is superb. England seems to produce character actors of great skill and presence. I thoroughly enjoyed the variety of themes presented
4 ||| I enjoyed this piece as I'm a Thanos fan. The ending was great, with good reasoning...not one of those "you're forced to believe it" endings. I enjoyed the cast of characters, although there wasn't much devlopement shown except within the core characters. If you enjoy anything on the cover, you should really like this book. All in all I loved it.
3 ||| More complete than the 10 year although some of the voices not as strong. Brings back memories of when I saw this in London 22 years ago.
4 ||| Excellent plot, but slow connection of the three main elements of the book. Everything came together by the end of the book. Looking forward to reading The Plantation and the development of Payne and Jones.
1 ||| While using these headphones, I was plagued by frequent, brief popping sounds. Switching between the 3 channels had no effect. Otherwise sound was clear and static free. They were returned to Amazon who was extremely prompt in crediting my account. If looking for wireless headphones, check the Sennheiser RS-110 model which I have owned for a year and have been trouble free.
1 ||| I also mistakingly ordered this dvd thinking I was ordering the documentary "I AM" from the Oprah show. Sadly, this dvd is a repeat of the "fear-based" message of Christian dvd's.....far removed from the essence of spirituality & love in Tom Shadyac's message of enlightenment.
1 ||| The story line is excellent but unfortunately mired in too many depth-less characters and painfully convoluted subplots. It is slow on the uptake tho thankfully does pick up the pace, but only at the last, and after you have waded through so much extraneous babble that you often wondered where you were headed in the first place---which was, incidentally, a plot to assassinate Churchill and Roosevelt.The book flap summary---and even the design of the dust jacket---made it seem like I was in for a treat. Wrong!! I often did not want to pick it back up (it took forever to finish!!!) but I am determined that if I spend money on a book, I'm going to read it.I would recommend this story to only the most patient of readers and certainly will not read again myself.
3 ||| I can't see what is wrong with this movie other than it's running time is way too short, but that is the case with almost all movies anymore. Anyway it's a very vivid well written and well casted movie. I would watch it again.
1 ||| I recently purchased the adapter for my trip to Europe. The first time I used it, I used it on my blow dryer. It worked for about five seconds until my blow dryer made really weird noises. I was too afraid to plug in my flat iron because I didn't want to fry it like my blow dryer. There are very little directions or instructions on the package to warn you against using the adapter with items such as blow dryers. When I came back to the U.S. and tried my blow dryer, it didn't work anymore. But I did use the adapter to plug in my video camera to charge, and it worked just fine. I also charged my PSP Player. It worked great. The only other complaint is that the adapter is pretty loose on the outlet. I wasn't sure if it was going to stay put while it charged. But overall, I would recommand this item as long as you don't use it for a blow dryer.
1 ||| I believe that "A dose of poison can do its work but once. A bad book can go on poisoning minds for generation". The society is feeling to emerge the society by burning books. Well I read, but it's mostly the newspaper or I just read the news on the computer. Well, let's just say that the book The Giver is a book that shows that it isn't good to live in a perfect world. First of all, Jonas gets assigned a job by the Elders to be a giver. I think life is dull in Jonas's world. They have to follow strict laws, and they can't meet anyone outside the town like people on vacation. So, basically, what I have to say is your life is being taken over by people that you don't see all the time. I don't think you feel excitement. In my opinion I would just let the people decide on if the books should be banned, not the government.
4 ||| I've used this book for years, and I think it's terrific. Why? Four reasons: First, the information about grammar and usage is so mainstream, so consistent with the majority of other important references (The Chicago Manual of Style, for one). Second, it is accurate and reliable. Third, the outstanding index makes it wonderfully easy to use; you can look something up, in everyday terms, and readily find a reference. Fourth, the rules are short and the examples clear; once you've found the rule you need, you can read it, grasp it, and 30 seconds later be on your way.As a full-time trainer of writers and editors, I have used this book with everyone from grammar-challenged support staff to highly educated professional editors. With some classes, I've also used the optional worksheets (sold separately). I can't recommend Gregg highly enough.
3 ||| This is a book of the mind. An intellectual foray into philosophy. I know it is a well regarded text but it certainly was not where I wanted to explore in finding a more heartful understanding of faith. I admit I didn't get terribly far into it before I gave up and moved on. There is so much more out there that calls to a heart centered seeker.
3 ||| Having lost, stepped on, sat on, dropped, thrown, scratched the heck out of, and/or otherwise come to part with many, many pairs of sunglasses, I now have one rule: nothing over $100.Unfortunately, this doesn't leave many options between the mall kiosk knock-offs and the high-(over-)priced Maui Jims, et al. Fortunately, Wiley X fills that void quite nicely.The 120s have quality (ANSI-rated) glass, hinged temple pieces (another must for me), and great styling. Wiley X also makes a number of similarly-priced models with different shapes/lens colors. My one complaint is that they aren't polarized.I bought my first pair at an optometrist's and over-paid compared to on-line prices. In spite of that, I still think they're a great buy, and as soon as I finish this review, I will be buying (another) replacement pair.
1 ||| After purchasing and viewing the DVD director's cut release, all I can think is "where can I find the original theater release version". I sat my family down to watch it two nights ago and they lost interest very quickly. While it is still visually stunning to watch, it is not enough overcome the seeming lack of narrative/plot. In fact, one of the key things removed from the director's cut version is the voiceover narrative by Harrison Ford's character Deckard. For those that know the original version, it can even be a challenge to remember the significance of each scene. For new viewers of BR, they're left wondering, scene after scene, "OK what just happened and what relevance does it have to anything?". Bring back the voiceover!
1 ||| If you want to play music from your phone or MP3 player through your home stereo, this is exactly what you need. Just plug in the 3.5mm plug into the headphone jack on your phone or ipod, and plug the red and white RCA ends into the red and white AUX or CD inputs on your stereo or amplifier, push the CD or other appropriate input control on the amp, and you're good to go. The five foot cable allows you to hold your phone/ipod several feet away if you want to. The wires are sturdy but pliable. The price is low and there was no shipping when I ordered. Can't ask for more.
0 ||| I've read about all the Jack Reacher books and I was terribly disappointed with this one. It tried to be a "whodunnit" and was short on the usual Reacher mayhem. That in itself isn't terrible, but this story seemed very mechanically cranked out, got awfully repetitive and after a while I really didn't care what happened. Although the ending is a big surprise, getting there wasn't worth it.
0 ||| Hideous, obnoxious, pretentious. Unforgivable defamation of Beethoven. Ugly looking sets, costumes, and people. Overwrought satire. Horrible, horrible movie, possibly the worst I ever saw.
1 ||| $30 for this and no case?! I can't believe that for $30, this is delivered in a sleeve that doesn't even close.Also, having read the book, I thought the disk would expand on the material in the book. Instead, it only goes very quickly through the drills. Perhaps this would be sufficient for an experienced swimmer, but for a novice, it is really lacking in content.
2 ||| The only problem is that the box that you push to get Barney to sing is not on the "I Love You" emblem on his stomach--it was difficult for my 18 month old to find where to "press" to get the toy to sing.
3 ||| I can't believe I've been cooking so long without one of these things. It makes things in the kitchen so much easier! It seems to be made well (good craftsmanship).
4 ||| There are some great Lennon compositions on this release. I think the editorial review was a little over harsh. Given Lennon's worth as a songwriter and the fact that he died so prematurely I think that there's plenty of merit in the act of releasing and enjoying these songs. Yoko's cuts have less broad appeal and will probably not be your cup of tea, unless you're a fan of contemporary Japanese "noise music" (Melt Banana, Merzbow, Boredoms) and/or early 80s dance music. However it's worth mentioning that she's cited as an important influence on some specialized contemporary genres AND Lennon himself was very supportive of her efforts (how clever of the reviewer below to make fun of Yoko Ono's name...gee, I wonder why someone named "Eugene Dobson" would need to stoop that low?). Keep that in mind and then go ahead and enjoy this release!
1 ||| this cd in a whole was quite awful. although i give her props for trying to expose her young fan base to the greats of time past, i feel that she'd have done them all more justice if she just mentioned it in a interview.
4 ||| A beautifully written book that requires the reader to think. Atwood's book has a well deserved place in classic fiction. I loved it!
4 ||| This is a wonderful movie for those who have experienced loss, pain, and are on the road to the amazing good things that can happen...and do...in life! I loved this movie and just bought a copy for myself and my sister, who is a hopeful (and married) romantic! Very insipirational and moving for me. Would recommend it to my best friend!
3 ||| Whether you are a skeptic or a believer, whether you believe some of it, none of it, or all of it, this book is a fun read.
1 ||| Our Dell PC wouldn't boot up with this DIMM installed. I'm going to try another brand of memory.
3 ||| I believe this CD is very good in many ways, and bad in others. One thing I did like about the CD is that it showed Kelly's whole vocal range. However, I did not like how some of the songs sounded alike. This CD is very much a blues CD, with the exception of Miss Independent and You Thought Wrong featuring Tamyra Gray. There are also some alternative songs, such as Beautiful Disaster. And of course, with every young girl singer, there are going to be some pop songs. However, these songs are slow, and I love them!
0 ||| it worked ok for about a week maybe two then became unreliable. I have yet to find a chill pad that works well. I would not recommend spending your money on this one unless you consider your money extremely disposable
0 ||| I usually like Oxo stuff, but this is an exception. The whisk is too flimsy at the point where the "wires" converge on the handle. Therefore, you have to hold the whisk by that part of the wires and not by the handle to keep it from flexing too much. A reinforcing circle of nylon would have solved this problem. I would not buy this again, even at the clearance price. How does something like this make it through engineering and testing?
3 ||| i think this book is very good for girls in my age..because sometimes i also would like to flie out of this stressy world and alice is able to..
3 ||| just a quick note: i saw aerosmith in an ice rink in 1978, and they played train kept a rolling, mr tyler is comparable to mick and i love them both, guitars are good in both bands too, it was awesome seeing aerosmith in an ice rink when toys was coming out, why do most greatest hits of the band exclude this wonderful song ?
3 ||| while this plot line may have some twists and turns that have a newer spin, this book isn't "new" in terms of a fast paced thriller. Mr. Berry does keep the reader engaged, but with so many other books on the market with similiar plot lines centering around the Church, well, one can see the ending before it actually happens. The characters are pretty much stererotypical, the woman hard-boiled woman who has lost her faith and so forth and then the "love interest".However, if you need a good read on the plane or while traveling, pick it up!
4 ||| This story is wonderful in every way.You too will be itching to fly to Neverland!Peter pan lovers must read!
0 ||| Don't buy this if you use Windows 7. The packaging says operating system "Windows XP or higher". This is a lie. It doesn't work on Windows 7. Don't trust this company. They also will not refund your money despite their misleading claims. I'm very disappointed.
1 ||| The writing did not grab, captivate or entice me to continue this story. I quit about the time little Timmy's friend Billy left the country...There may be a lot of action later on, but too much mundane detail drove me to skimming, then quitting instead of hanging in there for the Big Finish.
4 ||| I honestly loved this book! I thought that it was cute, witty, stylish & probably described in accurate details of how some of the rich and famous "may" treat their personal assistants.
4 ||| The reason why Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin was to let the North know what was going on in the South with slavery . Black families were broken apart and sold, young girls and women were taken advantage of by white owners, some were beaten to death by their owners and slaves could be treated anyway the owner wanted because they were not citizens. The white women characters cared more about the slaves than the white men. They didn't want to sell or break up families.Uncle Tom was an uncommonly good and honest man and devouted Christian. He was sold when his owner needed money. At first he was sold to a man who was ok, but then he was sold to Simon Legree. Legree was a mean man. When Tom was a slave for Legree he was beaten to the point of death. Everyone should read this book because it gives you an idea of what happened at the time of slavery.
3 ||| This is a good fighting game with excellent graphics. Nice stories, and some good extras. It has a lot of different characters. However, this game very much has a 3D feel, instead of a 2D one, so if you are someone who has mastered certain combos with certain characters in the King of Fighters series, you will find that the mechanics don't work the same in this game. It is still a good game, though, and it certainly advances the story for a number of characters.
3 ||| I read this book, and was pleasantly surprised to find someone who took his faith so seriously, without being serious. Yaconelli is so clear with his portrait of the gospel, it startles. My only wish could be that the book were a little more organized, and that illustrations would not be repreated more than once. But I love this book, and am eager to read any of Mr. Yaconelli's work in the future.
4 ||| ienjoyed this cd so much because it amixture of 3 different dialects spoken in Kenya and basically with the same theme. Iam a Kikuyu so my favourites were (mwana wa ndigwa and Ururu mwana) The rhythm and beat is great. It reminds me of old good days back home. i would recomend it to anyone. my next order is Maitu Maitu cant wait to play it. The Luos, the Wakambas great job.
4 ||| I really enjoy all of the Stanley Kubrick movies, and I wish he was still around. This movie is a one of a kind, and a lot can be read into it, if one decides to do so. I really enjoyed this movie.
4 ||| See story summary above.No doubt an action packed story that'll take you from spots in England to spots in the Mideast. Pure action all the way. If that's all your looking for, look no further. As far as details and dialogue are concerned, there is very little to sink your teeth into, which is typical for a Higgins novel. Though short and to the point, I do enjoy his books. I would match super hero Sean Dillon against any fictitious villian. Good escapist fiction and quick reading make this book enjoyable.Recommended.
3 ||| overrall in ok condition. had some teeth marks on binding that seller did not add in description but did not effect the overrall quality of the book. the edition did not have the needed scale figures in the drawings and was unaware that there was more than 1 edition type. would have been nice to have more of a description before purchasing. pretty much what was described, since description was brief.
3 ||| it's kinda ok, but quite depressive. With the way the things are today, I don't really want to read about other people's suicide thoughts. But on the other hand, the book is well written and certainly well researched.
2 ||| OK, you can't compress War and Peace into a 2-hour film. But a little of the World Cup could have been pressed in, surely no one would have complained. And there's no excuse for turning Harry's beautiful finessing, all in front of a rapt & gasping crowd, of the broody Horntail into just another wreckage-strewn chase scene - certainly it saved no time.Moody: Gleeson doesn't quite fill Mad-Eye's boots, seems tempted to ham it up a little. For me, Moody's less flamboyant, more hard-bitten, harsher featured.Voldemort: Ralph Fiennes, a fine actor, is sort of wasted in such a one-dimensional role. Not his fault, but whence all the accolades?Still, a good film in other respects, very watchable; just, given the material, not as good as it should have been and in that regard (for me), the least of the four.
0 ||| First of all, I don't wanna diss Ice T nor Snoop Dogg. But I feel that I must warn everybody about this ridiculous movie. Not only the movie is ridiculous but the price too! The fight scenes are very fake (you can see that they don't even touch each other ever). The shooing scenes are even worse. No special effects were used what so ever. Snoop Dogg & Ice T both got better movies out there, so just stay away from this one! PEACE!!!
0 ||| Unless you intend to connect this piece of junk to a cable line, it won't work because TV stations no longer available on the "airwaves". I forgot about that and thought the antena would pull in stations. But even if airwaves still around, the tuning knob broke off first time I turned it. What do you expect for the money?? It falls apart just looking at it.
0 ||| This is the first review I have ever written, but I am so annoyed with this so-called printer that I had to add my 2 cents.My last HP printer lasted for over 5 years before giving up the ghost. I was happy with its preformance. This one I have had about 2 months and I am ready to throw it out the window.The paper feeding problem is VERY ANNOYING. I find I have to fiddle for many minutes to get it to recognize there is paper in the tray. Then once it does, it has a 50/50 chance of jamming!For HP to call it a printer is almost funny, because I have yet to have it just print without problems.I am in the market for a new printer after less than 2 months!
1 ||| This movie starts out mildly interesting, then starts getting boring throughout. There are no words spoken in the movie that can be understood (the cavemen have their own unique language). I continued watching it to the end, hoping that it would become more interesting, but was disappointed. This is one movie that I don't plan to watch again - unless I need a sleep aide.
1 ||| This book was okay and had most of the basic information. After the first 4 chapters I got bored. I guess I'm looking for more in depth information and not something I can find in any book I pick up.
1 ||| The upconversion label on the 575 is misleading. This reciever will not upcovert component to HDMI. I bought this to run all of my electronics (PS2, DVD/Surround Sound, Camcorder, Laptop) up to my HDTV mounted on the wall, and it will not upconvert the analog signal to HDMI. It worked fine with the TV and surround sound, but not for the DVD player or PS2.
1 ||| Computer worked fine for 6 months. After that computer began shutting down unexpectedly. We found out that this was an issue with an overheating CPU. Sony has not been helpful, we sent the computer to get fixed by them. When they sent it back the computer worked fine for another 2 months. This has been the worst experience with a laptop that I've ever had from a hardware point of view and from the service that we have received from Sony. You pay extra dollars for a recognizable brand only to get the quality of a cheap brand.Do yourself a favor..... get a Dell.
1 ||| I was so shocked as I watched Anne of Green Gables - The Continuing Story, This is not Anne and Gilbert's Story.We had waited so long, and were over the moon when we hear that Part 3 was on its way.To be honesty, Mr Sullivan you should NOT have bothered and got our hopes up so. Rilla,s story yes, difference characters a whole new story great, but this was not Anne of Green Gables. It is so out of sync.Buying it was a waste of money, watching it a waste of time for LMM lovers and any one who loved and cherished the First two parts. If you just HAVE to watch it borrow it from the Library.
4 ||| Two co-workers and I ordered these shirts. We are all extremely satisfied with them. These shirts are an excellent value. We would recommend them highly to all our friends and colleagues.
3 ||| Zane Grey's first novels concerned his ancestors, the Zane family, and the Ohio frontier of the late 18th century. They are fairly authentic, historically, and heroic and romantic as well.
4 ||| Walt Disney's magnificent debut into live-action films was the unforfeitable 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. This is one of my favorite Disney films. The story, actors, sets, and special effects are unbelievable! I loved watching this film growing up. I love it even more now! This is fun family film!
1 ||| Okay SOME special effects help a movie along, but when the entire movie is made of special effects that's a different story. Especially when they're BAD special effects.This movie was predictable, flaky and pathetic. Jet Li's martial art skills were diminished by this film's cheap special effects. I didn't care for Mr. Li's bland acting performance either. He is NO Jackie Chan and I mean that in every way. At least Jackie's movies and stunts move the story along. The stunts in the this film were to cover up for bad dialogue, a TERRIBLE script and even laughable characters. I got this movie pre-viewed and I'd give it away for free. I'd caterogize that part where he smashed the motorcyles together the WORST SPECIAL EFFECTS JOB I'VE SEEN. It was clear that most shots were at night so we wouldn't see the cords and strings and everything else they had holding objects up. Please!Skip this if you have any appreciation for decent films.
3 ||| The movie is certainly worth watching but after getting to know the actors in the roles of the charactacters in Lonesome Dove, there is something lost with having to learn new faces in this movie. This movie is also a little more violent and lacks some of the "softer" moments we saw in Lonesome Dove. Again, it is worth watching as a finale to the series but you will not become as endeared with the characters in this one.
3 ||| I am a fairly recent (since 1989) fan of RT, and I've always wanted to know more about him as a person and artist. The interviews are good, especially the ones with bandmates and his current wife and ex-wife, however the politics and album details really bog down the reader. I appeciate context, but sometimes it was too much. Still, the book was fascinating in parts and I recommend it for fans.
0 ||| I take these with a multivitamin. After three weeks of following the directions.... I stopped. I would get headaches... I didn't know what it was. I would be away from home and get headaches. When I would be home and have access to my supply I would be just fine, but again if I couldn't have them I would get headaches. I made the correlation when I took ed them and after an hour or so my ridiculous hangover would go away. Then I dropped them like a bad habit.Don't know if they did any good. Waste of money.
3 ||| I GAVE THIS BOOK TO MY MOM LAST CHRISTMAS. MY CHILDREN AND MY NEPHEW WENT THROUGH AND PICKED OUT ALL OF THE CAKES THEY WANT HER TO MAKE, WHICH WAS BASICALLY ALL OF THEM. EVERY CAKE IS BEAUTIFUL. THE ONLY THING YOU NEED TO KEEP IN MIND IS ALL OF THESE ARE FONDANT CAKES, BUT MOST ALL DETAILED CAKES ARE. ALSO, IT IS NECESSARY TO USE A FIRMER CAKE, SUCH HAS A POUND CAKE FOR THE SHAPE TO HOLD UP. REALLY MOIST CAKE WOULD JUST CRUMBLE. MY MOM LIKED THIS BOOK.
0 ||| I bought this to replace my original fuel cap to eliminate check engine issue. However, this fuel cap didn't help and the error codes re-appeared.I bought another fuel cap from Napa and that solved the problem!
0 ||| this gun...is the worst gun ever...i got 2 of these because the 1st one i got was used...the barrel was cracked and it didn't come with the extension barrel! this gun goes about 50ft...if that and about 10ft. before it curves...SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE!
3 ||| I love this movie and look forward to seeing it each holiday season. I recently learned that a co-worker had never seen it. How could that be?! So I purchased it for her as a Christmas present. It was new, appropriately packaged, and arrived in a timely fashion.
4 ||| I have read many Clancy books, including the Net Force , Net Force Explorer and Op-Center series, but Rainbow Six is truly Clancy's best. From the start, you feel like you are pulled in to the story and you just can't stop reading.The book has the highest speed ever, and there just aren't any boring, slow parts of the book.I don't know what to say anymore, except that I recommend this book to everyone.
3 ||| This is a very entertaining movie. Steve Carell is absolutely perfect for this role; a very minor extension of his Office ignoramus role. Obviously it gets a little sluggish near the end, but the earlier parts more than compensate. The Blu Ray is a little disappointing though. Very grainy.
0 ||| The undertones present in this album are in no way suitable for a good christian household. mariah promotes materialsm and glutony in this album, and our children must not hear it.Good Christians, stay away!!!!
1 ||| It is disastrous to know that this is the most relevant book about Spiritism. If you want to know something read the book The Gospel According to Spiritism.
0 ||| Insufferable. F-bombs, profanity and vulgarity spices this piece of dreck about a whiny, non-stop kvetching excuse in a pseudo-literary exercise. Is it any wonder Mrs. Childs wanted nothing to do with this. This is about the author, her trials and tribulations blogged. It is NOT about the wonderful Julia Childs. If you loved the movie, DON'T read this book. You got a sense of the author in the movie, and thankfully only that. She rode Julia's apron strings to hopefully, only 15 minutes of fame. Nothing further redeemable.
1 ||| This game is the angel of darkness - THe control system is impossible - The menu screens are ridiculous and bulky to manage - I have played all the tomb raider games - This one is near to unplayable - This thing went straight to EBAY - save your money for something good - THE TR people need to do something fresh with this character like send her to space or something - jeez - the franchise is getting old and stale due to lack of innovation and change.
3 ||| Written in the third person, this certainly is Francie's story. The reader gets drawn into the poverty culture of the immigrants of Brooklyn during the years prior to WWI. The characteristics of the tree matches the strengths of the women especially Francie, her mother, Aunts and grandmother. It is a well written story, although perhaps a bit sterotypical. A story of courage and determination. A good read.
3 ||| If you want to win in the shelves, and add value (profit), start to think in this fundamental subject. The book is not complete and doesn't have a minucious (technical) aproach, but has good cases and ideas to how conduct this action in your business.
1 ||| I seem to be having the same problem as everyone else. I bought this DSL modem mostly to get UPNP support for my Nintendo Wii. Worked great for the first 6 months, but I noticed lately it can't connect to the DSL provider or when it does everything crawls and eventually it looses sync. Sadly, I had to replace it with my old DSL modem (SpeedStream) which works perfectly (so I know its not my phone lines or other problems). Also, I noticed the Zoom DSL modem heats up pretty bad, wondering if theres a connection between that and its failure rate.I would definitely find another DSL modem, especially after reading all the other posts regarding the poor reliability issues.
4 ||| This book is great, it is full of colorful pictures and stories that make history not only exciting for students, but also teachers.
0 ||| this is the 2nd worst band in the world behind simple plan. this song is awful and it makes me wanna throw up. this is just a pop band that all the teen girls say is punk. if you want real punk music you should get Offspring's Ignition. that albums spits on this pop trash.
1 ||| The book was delivered to me quickly. It is in excellent condition INCLUDING the dust jacket. My only issue (it is minor) it is in LARGE print. I do not require large print books...it's a little weird to read. I reviewed the description of the book and it does not mention it being a large print edition. I have no plans to complain or return the book. :)
0 ||| You really need to read this kind of trash books once in a while to be able to fully appreciate good books. I picked it up from Borders because they had it on a huge sale. I should have known why nobody would buy it at normal price.A grandma (soon to be great grandma) confessing about an unconvincing extra marital affair to her grand daughter while the grand daughter herself is finding a new love in her life, in a not-so convincing manner! How sick can this get?It is almost like the author just followed a predictable plot line.
0 ||| The reviews here are deceiving. Trust me. Unless you have already read another book on Java, you will have a hard time understanding it. The examples are fragmented and never complete. The author assumes that you know Java already and did not even bother to provide examples for many of the concepts. This may be a good book for intermediate level JAVA programmers, but it is definitely not for beginners. If I didn't know C++ at all, I would have thrown this book into the trash can the first day I read it. This ranks up there as one of the worst programming books I've ever read, a total waste of my hard-earned money. Thanks to the deceiving reviews, I now need to spend more money to get a real beginner JAVA book.
0 ||| The book although very confusing , as the author uses too much detail , was intruiging . One of the things that didn't make sense was the reason for the character of clarisse mclellan's dissapearance. The ending of the book is too sudden , as if he rushed to complete the book .
3 ||| I haven't found a jar opener that works better than this one, even though it isn't perfect. The lever action works much better than the kind that require you to grip the jar lid and turn, but the "teeth" will occasionally slip and scratch the jar lids.Works really well on plastic lids.
3 ||| This play I read was confusing at first but it was real good in the second act. I read this play in class in Petersburg, Va, at Petersburg High School. When we read it in class and my teacher explained it, then I knew what it meant, but when we had to read it at home, it was very confusing. But overall, it was very good!
4 ||| Burdett knows Bangkok and Thai culture and expertly weaves it into this wonderful, sexy, underground, intellectural whodunnit. Pick it up and you won't put it down. and then when you are finished, you'll crave more!
4 ||| Picking up this book and reading any page has been helpful for me to connect with myself and to other people. I have noticed my mood becoming lighter from reading it. I love the message, especially since I work inthe substance abuse field - everything we do to cover up our feelings that prevents us from being with ourselves can be seen as an addiction. And it is the human condition - not just hard drugs or alcohol are addictions. I think the sooner that we see this, the sooner we can feel less ashamed and be able to "come clean" about the crazy stuff we do.This book has really helped me in my personal life and as an addictions counselor in terms of having more love and compassion and purpose in my life.
1 ||| it is so impossably hard to beat the stunt challenges and exeptionally hard to beat races. maybe im wrong, but you cant do any special moves. overall, it is [poor]
2 ||| If you're looking for a book to learn to use VTK, this is practically useless. The language is explained only incidentally, and in very little detail. the book mostly concentrates on computer graphics theory (which is done much better in other books) and visualisation, which it treats fairly well.
1 ||| I was really excited about ordering this cookbook for my dad since he just got a new deep fryer, but I was less than excited when I opened it up. There were no pictures, entirely black and white, and most of the recipes call for frying in a pan and/or wok. This was very disappointing. While I know that likely anything that can be done in the pan can also be done in the deep fryer, I was slightly disappointed. Hopefully it will at least give him ideas for new things to fry up.
1 ||| I'd have to agree with an earlier review of this book in that "The Family Trade" is a vehicle for future books in the series. By itself, there's not a whole lot of substance although it has some interesting ideas. I regret buying the hardback version of this book.
4 ||| I got this for my son and he had such a hard time getting the 4 wheels on the floor at the same time that I had to make a hole on the dogs body to place the stick handle directly there. This helped him a lot.The toy is very durable and cute... don't know, have mixed emotions about it
4 ||| A unique explanation of Roman Catholic doctrine and beliefs. Written by a former Catholic Priest the book is based on fact presented in a noncontroversial form.The Chapters are divided in first in brief analysis of the Catholic Doctrine then an analysis and refutation with references from authorized St. Anthony Guild & Douay Versions.It's presents the facts proving Roman Catholic doctrine and practices are not Christian, but actually derived from pagan traditions and practices only using the essence of Christianity to deceive the masses.The book lists Catholic practices with dates of institution, Scripture references and detailed index.Great book for Christian Apologetics
1 ||| I tried giving it a shot but the book is (1) not sexy, as it is marketed, (2) about a lurid main character/narrator whom I can't follow, (3) filled with 1970s-style Freudian psycho-bull that attempts, amateurishly, to explain gender roles and relations, and (4) very solipsistic. It doesn't seem at all like fiction but the bickerings of a sexually frustrated woman who thinks too much about herself and who doesn't seem to be all that bright but manages to parade under some kind of feministic pseudo-intellectual banner. I just found the narrator despicable and didn't finish the book. I can't believe it has such a high review on Amazon, which means, I guess, that the majority of people reading it in 2011 are people who are already sympathetic to the book or author.Don't bother. If you want sex pick up Anais Nin or Zane or Philip Roth--anything else that has a story or good prose style, just not this.
3 ||| I saw D. Ebby 35 years ago on the 700 Club, wanted this book for all those years. It was brought to my attention by another minister of the gospel just recently. Saw it on Amazon and decided to buy it, it was inexpensive. The pages fell apart as I read the book, it was extremely frustrating but? So enjoyable and encouraging, I was glad I bought it. I am going to look for the same book in better condition, just to reread or give to another to enjoy.
1 ||| If you want to read a good book about competitive running, stick to "Once A Runner." "Slinger Sanchez" pales by comparison -- the book is melodramatic, I guessed most of the plot before I got to it, and the writing is juvenile at best.
0 ||| I consider the seven disk Doors box set a big disappointment. Upon examining the contents, I realized it was merely a rehash of the previous Doors box set and other stuff they released. I'm not impressed with their "remastering" of the six Doors albums. I expected,as most Doors fans did, the release of material in their archives that formerly appeared only on bootlegs. What became of Paris Blues? for instance. Additionally, there is an abundance of other Doors songs that rightfully should have appeared on this box set.I tend to agree with the commentator who angrily suspected that greed is the prime factor in the release of this ghastly, overpriced box set. I maintain that this box set is a repetition and a waste of money for anyone but a recent convert to the Doors magic. After visiting Jim's grave in Paris this year and devouring all the literature available on the Doors, I feel terribly disappointed by this box set.
0 ||| Just bad, plain bad the only thing saving this game is its theater or replay mode. And using cheats in this game is fun too. But the single player is the worst I've seen in a video game. Its like the developers spent more money on the cutscenes then the actual game. Because the controls handle poorly the missions are structured poorly everything in this game feels shallow and has that "been there done that feel". Just avoid this game and please save your money don't support badly designed games like this.
0 ||| As others have noted, this system works exceedingly well up until the time that the bottle develops a crack -- & make no mistake, the plastic used for the bottle is so brittle that it will eventually crack if it is even slightly mishandled. The "antibacterial" aspect could be better as well. I have had some success in using RTV to seal cracks, but eventually you're going to have to replace the unit.
4 ||| they're selling it for only a few bucks used!!! if you dig bernie you need to get it,that simple! think funky 80's tunes with awesome guest spots from bootsy,keith richards,david byrne and a few others! it's waaaay cool!
0 ||| The CD-Rom is very disappointing. The graphics look like early 90's graphics, the font has no ability to be adjusted to a larger size, and the sentences are all bunched together making it difficult to read. It's as if they just scanned the W3 into a software format and decided to sell it with absolutely no modifications. The developers should take a hint from Encarta's Dictionary format. And all this for $49.95. Oh, and if you've got Webster's Collegiate Ed. installed, (on Windows XP) you cannot install the W3 alongside of it (I wanted to do this to compare definitions). It's either one or the other.Some additional improvements would be a pronunciation guide (the kind that you click on the word and it pronounces the word out loud), as well as a feature to hide archaic or obsolete definitions of a word.
3 ||| Having heard the samples online, I was a little concerned, but I really enjoy the album. I find it quite "sleepy", not exactly the typical excitement found in many Mannheim Steamroller stuff. I hope that in future albums, the variations follow the emotion of the original. Under the Sea, for example, in the movie is the show-stopping big production number, but on this album, it's really quite slow and peaceful. The album is a must for a Disney music collector like myself, and definitely something to look at for those who like Mannheim Steamroller.
4 ||| This novel works on layers that other novels don't even know exist. Faulkner blew it off, but I suspect few outside the university read Faulkner whereas this book, rich, powerful evocative and beautiful, is what reading is for. It changed my life; it made me realize that self is not "found" but created. No higher praise can I offer.
3 ||| I have been a Clancy fan for years and thought the character development was a good carry on from his previous work. I enjoyed the storyline.
3 ||| I like listening to the Coup occasionally. But some of the songs on this album just aren't good. And I don't think that's the album, I think thats just the nature of the group. Don't get me wrong, I love the lyrics, and what the band stands for. but musically, compared to a lot of other underground hip hop groups, they just dont do it for me.
4 ||| Excellent stockings for long shifts on your feet - not too tight, not too loose...garment integrity is longer than package states (with proper care).
3 ||| If you watch the movie, you will be disappointed. I read this book and enjoyed it. I don't think it was as good as Sphere or Jurassic Park, but it was good nonetheless.The one thing you should understand prior to reading this, is that the movie doesn't depict how good the book is. I didn't enjoy the movie, and am glad that I read the book first.If you like Crighton, take a chance on it. You might just like it.
3 ||| For those of you who enjoy dance movies, here is one for you! This has been around since the mid-1980's and is still an all time favorite of mine. The music and dance moves are very addictive. Great soundtrack. The actors in this movie are all wonderful, many who have gone on to thier own successful shows. Definately worth checking out at least once, or twice, or in my case...just buy the movie!
4 ||| I bought Rodan for my nephews 5th birthday and it was a big hit. Thanks to you I'm his favorite aunt. The product was processed and shipped out in a timely manner. Very happy with quality of toy.Thank you,Patricia Bologna
3 ||| It's not a bad film, it's just different. I think it was a good way to tell War Of The Worlds.The thrust of the movie is about martians invading the planet and turning us into the ants beneath their feet. As the Martians deploy their machines mess with the sky and make the sky shift into different lights at different times, casting the world into different colors as time progresses, with a weird all-encompassing red stage that's most memorable. Even if you're not into the action and the martians and the rest of the movie, fans who appreciate unique visuals in cinema have got to see this one.
3 ||| I couldn't understand if they were speaking language or else not. Sometimes I lay awake at night and wonder if this is how those graceful creatures spoke to each other. Although this movie was a bit too artsy for me, I still thought it was pretty good even though I couldn't understand what they were saying. Overall, this is my third favorite Land Before Time movie, only the seventh and the ninth are much better. Littlefoot still rules the Jurassic Period.
4 ||| Beautifuly written! I was quite suprised when i heard that one of my favorite authors had picked up her pen again after such a long wait. But it was worth it! I was once more transported to the iceage where Ayla and her soon to be mate Jondelar conclude their long journey and arrive at Jondelars home at the Zelandoni Caves. The amount of detail and accuracy she puts into her work is astounding. I expecially liked Aylas experiences in the beautiful holy caves where she goes on a spirituel journey. It was an extremely pleasurable experience to read this wonderfully crafted novel, and it is one that i plan to repeat often. I cannot wait until Auel comes out with the conclusion to this spectacular series. Hopefully this one will not take her nearly as long to write and publish.
0 ||| I thought I was gonna fall asleep. I really love her new hit Miss Independent....very full of life and danceable, but it seems to be the only song on the CD that will probably make it. I'm no critic, just thought I'd let you know if you expect a CD based on the first hit. I expected the whole CD to be like this, or at least a majority. But it was way too mellow for my taste. It sounded just like a Christina Aguilera CD (I wasn't surprised to find out she helped write some of the songs) that I thought it was hers. I think they could have done much better with Kelly's talent instead of just made her another Christina. Very disappointed and have given it a few spins only to find out it simply will not grow on me.
3 ||| I purchased the Longman Anthology of British Literature Vol. 1A because it was required reading for a course I was enrolled in. Amazon had it listed for much cheaper than the university bookstore, so that is the reason I bought this here.
3 ||| I bought this lens about 2 years ago and have taken some great, sharp shots with it. The IS is excellent in both modes. I'm glad it has the zoom lock because without it the lens will flop out. Since buying this lens I have added some L's to my lineup and have gotten a bit spoiled. If I could do it over again, I would buy the 70-200 f/4L IS instead of this lens even though it is white (I hate to stand out). I hate that the 70-300 does not have ring-type USM. It has the micro motor USM that you cannot manual focus unless you flip a switch. If you can swing the price difference and don't mind the shorter focal length, I would recommend getting the 70-200 instead.Update:I just noticed on the description of this lens on Amazon, they claim it has ring-type USM (the better, faster auto focus with full-time manual focus in one shot mode). This is FALSE, it has micro motor USM (slower to auto focus and NO full-time manual focus).
1 ||| Like many others, I had these headphones for about 6 months, when one side stopped working. The replacement pair broke in half under very little pressure. When these work, they are very good for exercise, but they are not sturdy enough to recommend.
4 ||| I just got back from returning a lexmark 7100 series all-in-one.. (for your own good NEVER buy ANY lexmark printers, scanners, faxes, or especially all in ones) and I returned the piece of crap because they charge me another $130 to buy a lexmark printer server.. well I had already spent $80 on a print server about 6 months ago and I was NOT about to buy another one for $130.. so I take a trip to staples, and return the product, I started looking around the store for a BETTER all in one, and there it was.... the Brother Multi function, I spent $10 more on the Brother instead of the lexmark AND within minutes the Brother multi function was set up, printing, copying and faxing.. I can tell it what number to dial and fax something to somebody from downstairs on my laptop. This is simply the best buy in its catagory..ok, I am off to put my print server on[...]now.. have fun and I seriously hope you buy this product.
0 ||| I really wanted to like this movie, but it repeatedly denied me that pleasure. Its 180 minute runtime could easily have been shortened to a more tolerable 120 minutes by trimming out all of the pointless dramatic pauses and excess footage of people running, walking, and otherwise milling around (not to mention all of the pointless dialog).Even if you can find your way through all the boring dialog, overlook the main character's fake mustache (it almost stares back at you!), and annoyances induced by the plethora of false backgrounds, amateur effects & film-school-drop-out editing, you'll still find yourself bothered by the jumpy/jittery playback evident in almost every scene as if the movie were playing back on an underpowered computer with a painfully slow hard drive.
3 ||| This was a book read from the CORBEL Book Club. As a reader of other Patricia Cornwell books I would have to say this is not her best; although, it did get better in the end (the beginning is slow to get started!) Some in our group who had not read other Cornwell books wanted Kay to get together with Marino (I DON'T THINK SO!) It made us feel as though we should have read the previous book to better understand what happened to Benton. The ending is good. Worth reading, but only when you have nothing better.
1 ||| When I heard that there was to be another Anne of Green Gables movie with Megan Follows (!!!) I was very excited. But as soon as I began watching this movie I realized that this story had absolutly nothing to do with the books written by L.M. Montgomery. The beauty, tragedy and humor that is found in the novels is tarnished by the film. For those who haven't read the books, read them, and for those who have I'd recommend watching Anne of Green Gables and the sequel again.
4 ||| good sounding high output replacement pickup with original sound ...not the over driven humbucking sound of some others I've tried.
1 ||| Dixon's book, while exploring aspects of Organisational Communication in a competent manner, fails to hold the attention of the "lower-academic" reader, also known as Undergraduates or even those below the Doctorate level. It employs bombastic words and sentence structure is wa too long for normal comprehension. I know that this book is adopted as a text in some University classes and would sympathise with those students not only having to grasp the ideas behind the book but to understand the form of language used in the book itself. Finally, while sufficiently researched and credible, it lacks readeability
3 ||| The book of Dune is a well thought up book. It is deep it went over my head a lot of the time. Dune is book about a boy that is the age of 14-15. He taught me that fear cannot affect the way do things, if you always think positive. Paul grew up learning from the best, I think that is the way that things should be learning from the best and practicing every day. This alows you to be the best. I liked the principal of being the Messiah you knew that he would not really die. The part that I really did not like is trieing to understand the new words and their definitions and picture that in my mind Eric C
0 ||| Nowhere is the decline of Western civilization more evident than in its art, and Mr. Clancy's latest attempt at a thriller is artless indeed. Poorly developed characters, a plot line written with aspirations for the silver screen (and not the page), and Mr. Clancy's nauseating platitudes to the gods of technology make Rainbow Six among his worst in recent memory. If he cannot be persuaded to take early retirement, then perhaps he might recall those early days of red storms rising when the desire to tell a great story superceded the need to placate a great and growing ego.
0 ||| This movie had decent special FX,but bored the hell out of me! Theonly good movie Vinny was ever inwas, Saving Ryans Privates. DoesVinny have down syndrome? It surelooks like it!
0 ||| BE WARNED! there are too many mistakes in this book. if u dont believe me, look at the online "corrections and clarifications" page. my advice: dont begin ANY project in this book b4 looking at this corrections page. the ratio of patterns with mistakes to the mistake-free patterns is astonishing. i want to love the author and the book (nice style, great projects, pictures and instructions) but i've never used another book that contains this many errors. insult to injury: the corrections page is hard to read AND CONTAINS ERRORS!!!
1 ||| This 1947 thriller by Dorothy B. Hughes is a master of its type--cold, unrelenting, yet tastefully done and nicely written. It isn't filled with blood and gore. Its violence is implied, forcing the gorefest fanatic elsewhere to sate his blood lust. Miss Hughes tells her story in a gripping style, placing ill-fated characters in a setting brimming with darkness and desperation, a cold tale that leads to a sudden, jaw-dropping climax. Don't confuse this novel with the 1950 film--Hollywood transformed the main characters as well as the theme, making the story a watered-down tale of domestic violence among the Hollywood set. Don't get me wrong--I've been a Bogart fan for many years. But I have to be honest. The film did not do this superb, chilling tale a shred of justice.David BerardelliAuthor of FATAL INNOCENCE
3 ||| Fantastic special effects! Makes one think they're actually in the air. Period uniforms, period aircraft, and good scenery. The love story part was a bit hokey, but all in all I liked this movie.
4 ||| This is a great leap pad book. My 4 yr old son loved it instantly. The familiar characters from the Bob the Builder show make this book lots more fun than the ones featuring the Frog. I especially liked the fact that this book helps to teach that teasing is not a nice thing to do. There are at least 2 games on every page and it has the music from the show also. It is definitely worth the price and I hope they make more Bob the Builder books for the Leap Pad.
1 ||| Replacement battery was one that we needed as a spare. With a yard our size and the 20 minute, or less run time, just wasn't long enough for us to complete the trimming. Would probably search out another unit which gives better run times.
4 ||| Solid Vonnegut.The description that the cover gives doesn't really do the story justice.This is a twisted and dark love story, involving an empty man and his memories.Dark satire is woven throughout, as only Mr. Vonnegut can do.Not quite 5 stars, but only because I've read SH5 and Cat's Cradle.If I was new to this author, it'd be a different story.However, I know what he's capable of, and this isn't QUITE his best.CLOSE though!Highly recommended.
2 ||| Their contract was up.They didn't re-sign. End of story. But what a legacy! No matter HOW you MIX it!My title is what McCartney said when asked about the White Album being too long and should have been cut down to a single, better record.The Beatles songs are cemented into my own personal being just like all the things that happened to me along the way that make me who I am today.And I'm talking about the first time I heard the song. Where I was, my age at the time, the whole life experience. It's as deep as my mother reading to me as a child.It's the Beatles! Shut up!
3 ||| "Are you really going out with him?""UH-HUH"."By the way, where did you meet him?""I MET HIM AT THE CANDY STORE AND THEN WE WENT OUT IN HIS CONVERTABLE AND PLAYED CHICKEN WITH A COP.""Cool. Did you win?""UH-HUH.""And the cop?""HE DIDN'T WIN.""Oh. By the way, what's his name?""OH, SILLY. DON'T YOU KNOW ALL HOT ROD JUVENILE DELINQUENTS FROM CHEAP LATE '50S EARLY 60S MOVIES ARE NAMED JOHNEY?""Johney Angel?""JOHNEY DEVIL. JOHNEY DON'T CARE ABOUT NOTHIN'. JOHNEY SAYS THE ONLY GOOD COP IS A DEAD COP.""Cool.""TONIGHT WE'RE ROBBING A CASE OF BEER AND HANGING OUT AT THE BEACH WHERE WE'LL GET DRUNK AND NECK AND SAY REAL OUT OF DATE THINGS TEENAGERS USED TO SAY.""That's real boss.""AND THEN WE'LL RUN A COP OFF THE ROAD AND SPEED AWAY IN A WILD CLIMACTIC CAR CHASE.""Cool. Can I come?"'SURE, IF YOU DON'T MIND GETTING KILLED IN A WILD CLIMACTIC CAR CHASE.""Uh, maybe I'll just stay home.""COOL.""Uh-huh."
4 ||| Rarely do you find an album where the lyrics and the music are so well matched. This album makes you think, but it also rocks. The songs stick with you, and in one of those wonderful phenomenons - they keep growing in interestThis is an album which has a lot of depth. The more you listen to it - the more you hear.I loved it.
3 ||| As usual, I enjoyed this author's book. For some reason they don't get exciting until you've read at least half the. However, it turns out to be a good read.
3 ||| I watch Idol almost every season and this has been the first contestant that I swore to support once they received a recording contract. I was so proud of Elliott on the show and became a huge fan. The album sounds great! I love his voice. I especially like the fact that you can't tell anything about his outward appearance, by listening to his voice. I think a lot of R&B fans will be pleasantly surprised. This is one of those albums that I like to "sneak" in on other R&B fans. Once you hear his voice you will be won over and then when you see the cover--you're like "What?? No way!". And I say, "Aha, fooled you, didn't he?". Best of luck to Elliott in the future.
4 ||| Once again Nick Kemp mixes music and voice to produce deep states of relaxation, whilst pointing to the deeper truths that are available to all. You may find a mantra here, or simply sounds and word.Either way this CD is highly recommended for anyone who has considered this idea... "when you've seen beyond your SELF, you may find peace of mind is waiting there."
0 ||| Not that I don't like Shakespeare's works, but his tragedies are terrible, especially this one. I can't understand the language real well, so I have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it'll be easier to understand. I just can't understand this love tragedy at all! Here are some things that confuse me:*How did this feud really begin?*Why can't this story end in happily ever after?*Why does Lady Capulet have to be so stuck up on everybody?*Why couldn't Shakespeare have written in a language we could all understand?*Why does everybody have to jump to conclusions?I simply can't understand why people love this play so much. It's ridiculous! If you want a true love story, try reading "A Midsummer Night's Dream". This one absolutely SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0 ||| I just can't help believing! (Actually, this is one of the songs that is not included on this DVD. Can you believe it?) I have no idea how to access to those "Bonus Selections" that are listed. I think there must be something wrong with the production line. Read the other reviews, they are all true: all the great songs you like from the original version are gone! To all disappointed fans, send a complaint to Turner Entertainment/Time Warner Home Video and ask them to get things right and replace the ones we have bought.
1 ||| I had a tough time trying to get this dresser(2 packages) shipped correctly to my house! It was partially shipped and Target customer service misguided me about the shipping arrangements. That was handled poorly! Target directed me to return the partial shippment with a full refund. Well I still wanted this dresser and come to find out it was cheaper than before. I ordered it again and received both packages at the same time! If you spend more than 2 hours assembling it and use wood glue(not provided)things will stay intact. If you think your going to get a assembled dresser that is $500-$700 at your local furniture store your a fool! I do like the product I received but the overall buying furniture at Target experience could use improvement.
4 ||| Don't waste your time or money on other competitive products. This is THE best. I've loved this book for about 20 years. I gave my first copy away to someone that loved it so much that he kept borrowing mine :) Highly recommeded!!!
1 ||| Why use the names of real people if you are not going to follow real hisorical data? This movie is mostly fiction, it would have not hurt the story to stop pretending that it was non-fiction. Movies like this just confuse the "popular" uneducated public. I did appreciate some of the references though, for example when some ideals from "Meditations" were talked about before the emperor was murdered.
1 ||| This album, is so full of phony music, "Lauren, honey you dissappointed me, I guess I'll stick to the Fugees, rather than on your solo" This album has no real freshness, it all sounds the same, all the songs are of about the same beat, there is nothing that lift my soul to even want to sing along with her lyrics, the only one is that last song, in the album, which is an oldie just revised to a new version. I really thought she could have done a lot better especially with winning all those grammy's.
1 ||| i saw this toy in a kb toys and new i had to get it! at that time it was 30after 3 month i saved enough to buy it but then the kb toys closed for ever and i did not no wat to do! then my mom told me about amoson . com where it was alot less money of corse siping and handing made it more money but dat was okay because it still was less tan 30 a wek later i got my helocoper in a box this made it evan more fun my mom tod me that was becas of siping and handing ilike siping and handing now dank you amoson . com from josh i am five
1 ||| This is the second book of the Wheel of Time series. Its only a bit, I repeat, a bit better than the first book and thats because there's more action in it. On the whole, this book was useless.The Horn of Valere is stolen in the beginning by Darkfriends and so Rand & Co sets out to retrieve it. I still doesn't understand why the villian waited for 3 months for Rand to come and take the Horn back. He should've used it for himself in between. At the climax, Rand finds out where the Horn is kept, enters the building and picks it up without any difficulty?? Comeon, we're speaking about the greatest weapon of the world, which can bring back the army of dead. And I've even found other reviewers claiming the final battle sequence to be a masterpiece in literature. Unfortunatley, I didnt find it a bit interesting to hold my attention.
4 ||| AWESOME...That's what this movie is. It's got my favorite Spider-Man villian, Doc Oc, using his arms to beat the crap out of Tobey Maguire.This has the most awesome super hero fight scenes and the best dangling old lady scene I've seen in a while. Not better than the first movie, but not worse, just different. I think there was less fighting in the second, though...I just paid to watch a giant fight, which I wish it would have been. Too much plot. But when there wasn't plot, it picked right back up into cars being thrown...so don't worry pro wrestling-watchers...you'll get your fix.
1 ||| This video was very hyped, because of the 40th aniversery playmate, but compared to other playboy videos, it lacked in content.
2 ||| Bitter scent-inventor Dr. Carruthers (Bela Lugosi) is betrayed by his employers when they became rich fat-cats thanks to perfumes and aftershaves he created. He extracts reeking revenge by growing giant bats in his lab and sending them out to kill his former employers. Ah, the sweet smell of success! (Some real-live fruit bats are shown in fuzzy close-ups, but mostly they are flying puppets that look sort of like kites.) This Golden Turkey classic was enough of a hit to spawn a sequel, The Devil Bat's Daughter (1946). The Devil Bat's Daughter is almost entirely unrelated to this film - in the flimsy follow-up, Rosemary La Planche plays Carruthers daughter, who is hypnotized into believing that she is possessed and being compelled to kill (no Lugosi or bats here).Staci Layne Wilson
1 ||| Gass's book gives the voyeur in us all a rare glimpse into the sordid life of Rilke but the lack of correctly quoted German (mostly spelling mistakes) and the fact that no poem is quoted in its entirety in German, makes for slipshod scholarship. Gass, who is probably a riot at parties of PhD students, can't put a stop to his sometimes foolhardy attempts at humor, albeit sarcastic at times, to make a point about translating. He refers to himself in the third person (among variations of poem translations) , which is ridiculous, and can barely contain himself when bashing other translators. Ho, hum.
3 ||| I switch this battery with the one that came with the camera, so I never miss a shot.
1 ||| I had to return this product. It looked fine and the pressure was good, but despite adjustments with teflon tape and multiple attempts, I could not install it in a leak-free manner. Maybe it is something unique to my shower, but the second shower nozzle that I bought did not have this problem.
1 ||| "All the King's Men" is a pointless filmisation of Robert Penn Warren's 1946 novel, which had already been brought to the screen to great effect by Robert Rossen in 1949 - THAT version garnered a Best Picture Oscar.The story of a Louisiana Governor (played by Sean Penn) who will stop at nothing to maintain power is pretty tame by today's standards.The script and direction by writer/director Steven Zaillian are hopelessly muddled and pretentious - even the big, emotional moments fizzle. Overlong and overwrought - an excellent cast is wasted.
1 ||| Update...so the workaround described below work for about 33 days...just outside the return window. The tracks that play in just the left headset channel do not come through. I've tried 2 sets of ear buds and one set of over the ear headsets...all have the same issue. Plug the same headsets into the source (PC), all channels play out of both ear.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS ITEM.---Out of the box, if I plug my ear buds from my iPhone into the extension (fully connected in the female end) I only get sound out of the right ear bud. Verified the same condition with a pair of JVC ear buds as well. I have found if you insert the male end of the headphones into the extender to the first "click" (not fully inserted), sound comes from both ear buds. There is tension with it connected in this fashion, so it works but could be better. Others may have better luck with other headphones.
1 ||| This book was entirely forgettable - which, for me, is quite rare. Usually there is at least something memorable about a character or a plotline. However, re-reading the synopsis six months after having read the book, I don't remember anything about the story, the characters or even reading the book. Based on my rating, I couldn't have been too enamored with it. It certainly didn't earn itself a place on my bookshelf, and I wouldn't waste my time reading it again.
1 ||| I wasn't pleased with the video and audio transfer. The bottom line is that this HD DVD is for fans only.
1 ||| First, the title is misleading because the book deals with pre-surgery nearly as much as post-surgery issues. If you had surgery through a decent program, your surgeon or program staff should have already told you most of what Peck covers. If you are looking for that information in book form, this is for you. If you are looking for additional information, there are other, more relevant books out there.
1 ||| Johnny the Fox was (I thought) underwhelming as an album. Myopinion changed dramatically when I saw it performed live aspart of the Bad Reputation tour in 1977 at Winterland in S.F.Wow!Some bands were just better live and this was certainly true ofThin Lizzy.
3 ||| I just watched the Warner Archive Dvd version of They Only Kill Their Masters. It stars James Garner. It was made in the 70's and is a gemI will not go into plots or bore you with a synopsis. I will tell you that it is a fun movie. With a stellar cast. Edmund Obrien,Peter Lawford and Harry Gaurdino just to name a few. The story is well plotted so you do not get bored while watching.Garner is the star and does well in carrying the movie. it is great to see him in something that did not just having him survive on his charm. It was this movie that had me actually start to check out other Garner films.I recommend this movie for mystery buffs and Garner fans. It is a bit steep in price so be willing to shop around.
3 ||| I watched this about once a year when I was a kid, and I liked it for all the normal reasons: good tunes, a fun family, majestic scenery. But a few weeks ago I watched it with my roommate (we're both 23-year-old men) and although we were actually quite giddy initially - the "Hills are alive" shot is still a sugary jolt - we got pretty tired with it and could barely make it to the intermission. Is any family remotely that cute? Would the baroness stand a chance against Maria in a zillion years? Just how many teen ingenues did they have to turn down before they settled on the lifeless actress who played Liesl? She's 16 going on 17 pains in my neck. Still, it is a story you can root for, and Julie Andrews is a dear. As in doe... ou know the rest.
0 ||| "Lets jiggel the camera to show that the ground is shakeing!"Special effects; haloween leftovers.Acting; Well, the cast managed to repeat memorized lines.Casting apears to have been done in a trailer park.Script; I know nine year olds who write better stories.Cinimatography; Someones home cam.Conclusion: Anoyingly boreing and essentially unwatchable waist of time and money.
1 ||| This is the cookbook for those who are just starting to cook. The explaination ofwhat pan or dish to use for each dish is a helpful tool. I wish I had had thisbefore now.
1 ||| Leslie Nielsen is finally in a film that didn't make me laugh much. That's saying a lot for this talented gentleman who gave us so many laughs in THE NAKED GUN movies. But this lame effort from director Rob Spiers is so painfully strained for jokes that when a potential funny one comes along, you've already expected it. Skeet Ulrich looks like he's sleepwalking through the whole movie; Natasha Henstridge looks embarrassed, and Lochlyn Munro looks constipated. There are few funny moments in this film, and it's a shame Leslie is reduced to such a humorless performance.
2 ||| It took longer than I hoped to receive the book, when it did come it was not in Large print which I ordered. So I have not been able to read the book.
2 ||| Somehow I thought that this brush would be a bit larger than it is. Can not use it for what I had thought, but works well in tight areas
4 ||| It sounds awesome. I love the lyrics and the sound of the entire album. Except for the song "Some Kind of Miracle" it just isn't my type of song.She ROCKS!!
0 ||| I purchased the Norton AV 3 pack. It would not load on one computer and cheated us out of a month on the subscription on another. Norton never answered any emails or online complaints sent to them. Now to make it worse all 3 computers that were running with Norton AV 2006 have been infected with a virus and are inoperable. The cost to repair will be in the hundreds. Norton AV was updated and run on every computer everyday, but the virus was not detected. Run as fast as you can from this product.
0 ||| Big, big disappointment. Not up to standards. Just ends with about a half dozen subplots unresolved. I assume the son wrote this book--at least that's what I choose to believe. If Dad wants these series to continue--and we readers hope he does--then find yourself a good co-author and don't have your son continue. At a minimum, get him a good editor.
0 ||| heres my feelings about tiger army. first album rocks,2nd album song structures-lyrics-and music getting repetitive plus the addition of mister 13's new davey havock voice plus plus the addition of said moron himself,and this their third album besides 2 or 3 songs royaly sucks psycho dung. nick 13 doesn't dare call this 'band' "psychobilly" does he? cause tiger army has morphed into a watered down version of it's former self. another intro(yawn),more ballads about lost love(double yawn) and yes more self indulgent crap about tiger army never dying. please die....please? the addition of some of the worlds most boring drumming doesnt help. anyway's, stay clear of this homogenized commercial sounding hellcat records garbage. if you wanna' hear tiger army rock buy the first album or the early years e.p. besides that it'sboring.
4 ||| This ablum is the one that got me hooked on the Pat Metheny Group. It is one of their finest recordings. I would play this CD over and over at the record store I used to work at back in 1987. The group never gets old. Their music is simply the best!
0 ||| I bought 4 of these to distribute as gifts to my mother, sister, sister in law and myself. We all cook with tons of garlic and I thought it would be the perfect gift. We tried using the eggs after a day of intense cooking and it didn't seem to work. Ours hands still smelled of garlic and onions.
1 ||| I don't appreciate authors taking side tangets to promote their political leanings-especially when I strongly disagree with them. The author seemed more focused on interfering with parental rights than with healing men damaged by abuse.
1 ||| This book deals exclusively with the business side of stand-up. It tells you what you need and what is important but only gives simple suggestions on how to achieve it. Also there is advice from comedieans at the end but none of the comedieans are headliners or big. Overall, this book is not for stand-up tips but basically a listing of what is needed to succeed in the business.
1 ||| This is an insightful exploration of Thomas Aquinas the man and his philosophy. But Amazon scanned the text for the Kindle version and made no attempt whatsoever to edit it -- even pre-edit clean it up. Bizarre punctuation, bizarre computer-read spellings: "he" often seen as "lie" is just one example. Few pages are without several errors and most pages have many errors. This may be the pit of western publishing as we know it. Very disturbing. Hire me, Amazon, I'll clean it up for you. / You can google this book and find it online -- properly edited.
1 ||| I have enjoyed the artwork of AH since his gong days, thru U.K., I.O.U., Ponty appearances and up thru the NEW MILLINIUEM. But Sand is not my top choice of releases by this talent. I am wondering why - and I believe it stems from the "wordy" keyboard tracking. It's just too much. Not that that is a bad thing, but at times you wonder is that keyboard or Allan? They are interchanging lines, call and response etc... and the timbre is so close on both AH's guitar and the synth that it's really hard to distinguish. Now some may say that's a good thing! I contend that if AH wanted to sound like a keyboard player... he would have hired one... well... HE DID! I do derive great pleasure from listening to AH mind you... however; this is not one of my favorites.
1 ||| Although I am enjoying this story, the transcription errors that riddle this ebook version are driving me crazy. "I'm" routinely comes through as "F'm" or "T'm". There are many other typos that appear to be the result of scanning the book and then failing to check the spellings that resulted. This indicates lousy quality control. The publisher should be ashamed, and Ms. Crusie should demand better treatment of her work.
1 ||| these tweezers are really nice for getting out ingrown hairs of splinters. however, they are not as sturdy as they appear. if the tip gets bent, they no longer work properly. i have no idea what happened to mine to bend them as they are always in my makeup bag, but they did, and now the ends don't touch enough in order to tweeze hairs. i haven't contacted tweezerman yet about a possible replacement since it's only a lifetime sharpening for free.
4 ||| A perfect blend of medieval/ren faire hard/soft music. Ditto to the other reviews. Thank goodness I can listen through my i-pod otherwise this cd might be thrashed by now! On live the warriors!
1 ||| NOT chew sticks but simply tooth picks so they should definitely change this listing.ThanksErik
1 ||| I mean, it's bloody amazing--there is absolutely NOTHING to this film, yet it somehow manages to be utterly compelling. Almost the entire film consists of Lola, um, running. Indeed, the few less-frenetic scenes really do little more than get in the way. But for the most part it's pure action, and it works. And this from someone who, as a rule, finds action films insufferably tedious. The direction is indeed to be commended for so rarely letting up. The soundtrack's perfectly done also--and this from someone who, as a rule, violently dislikes industrial techno. I get the impression that if anything had been done even slightly wrong, the entire film would have fallen apart--but nothing IS, really. As I said, it really doesn't have a helluva lot of substance, but it sure is a rush to watch.
1 ||| I couldn't get past the first 5 chapters in this book due to the number of typos and poor translation. As soon as I'd begin to be immersed in the story a string of typos would trip me up and frustrate me. Often times I'd find myself re-reading a paragraph more than once to try and figure out what was being said because of the bad translation. This is certainly not a Wordsworth e-book conversion! You're better off just buying the book instead of this.
3 ||| I am an avid Danielle Steel reader but this one is not one of her best. The concept was a good one but it was written in such simple language. The characters could have had a bit more depth. Maybe next time...I know she is capable for much better writing!!
4 ||| This group has been playing together for many years. The sound of the album reflects that. They all sound as if they have a great appreciation for what the other person is doing. They don't get in each others way. The melody is clearly carried along and they have a lot of fun with it. To take these very simple tunes and make them sound this good really is a sign of great musicians. I don't know if people who are unfmailiar with Contra and English COuntry dance will like this album, but anyone who likes this style of music will enjoy it, and it is very musical and melodic, so lots of other people who are turned off by the mixed production and musical qualities of folk albums by other groups, will enjoy this. It is good music played with spirit, skill, style and taste,
3 ||| This book was good for awhile, but the author got away from the actual truth of what happened to Lord Soth. It was good though. I have also written a review for The Day of the Tempest, but the email adress is different. So if you would like to ask me questions about either you scould use the email adress on this review.
4 ||| It would have been 5 stars if I could have zoomed in on some of the illustrations. Illustrations are good, but one wants to see in more detail.
1 ||| Box was a little dirty a little sticky. I know its used but should at least try to make it look nice.
0 ||| I was really shocked and disappointed to find this DVD had been cut... this was one of the best films I saw in the 70's. I also discovered that another great movie, "Goodbye Columbus," has been edited down to a PG since its release on DVD with the original nude scenes deleted. I'm encouraging people NOT to buy or rent these DVD's and to write the studios and complain... it's bad enough that Columbia and Paramount have ruined their own product, but they didn't even have the courtesy to notify buyers that they weren't purchasing the original films. I agree with another reviewer here... we're being robbed.
4 ||| I just picked up this disc, and it's awesome! It's kinda like a cross between Limp Bizkit and blink-182, but the BHG have a sound all their own. Many of the songs are really explicit but that's aight. My fave songs are "Mope," "I Hope You Die," "...White Dope," and "Hell Yeah." I mean, all of the tunes rock. Some are kinda hardcore, but a lot of it's just silly and kinda gross. They really do have talent. Don't let anybody tell you different! :)
3 ||| Lots of good film in this flick, but there is one part that is silent and really has no meaning, no explanation so you know what's going on. There should have been sound on all of it. But... it's still very interesting. Also, the first part about the '49 Ford build end with no real great ending.Bonnie/warren
0 ||| While this book may have an interesting plot. the braiding becomes really annoying. It is too repetitive and has nothing to do with the book. Aside from the fact that Indians braid.
0 ||| I'm not sure why I've given this movie one star. Perhaps it's because of McDowell's acting, which is good. When I saw the film in 1971 it made a big impact: 32 years later it says nothing at all. I'm not shocked by violence or nudity; it's just that it's a very poor work of art, empty of everything except design, ugly, repellent design. I'm beginning to think Kubrick must be the most overrated director of all time. As another reviewer has pointed out, his films seemed to get steadily worse and worse. And all of them have one thing in common: they are s-l-o-w. It seems to me that Kubrick was obsessive and dedicated, but just not very bright. He was also, apparently, intensely depressed about life. Still, it was clever of him to make such a big thing of these disadvantages. I suppose his films are worth seeing, once only. But after the first sensation of puzzled surprise, they just turn into hideously tedious sludge.
0 ||| Very disappointed. Should have been marked 'new stereo recordings by original artist or members of the original group'. Sorry that I purchased this item. Doesn't sound like the original songs.
1 ||| When it worked, it was a very nice addition to my reference library. But after the relatively short warranty period expired, it began displaying blank pages instead of articles, or sometimes the error message "This page cannot be displayed." Maps continue to display correctly, but the "About Encarta... " command has the same problem, so that the product ID cannot be read. The Microsoft Knowledge Base had a number of suggestions, some of which were very time-consuming to follow up. Nothing worked.So be aware that when you buy Encarta, you run the risk that it will become inoperative at some time in the future.
0 ||| This toy is very cute but it stopped working after one week. The handle was also very hard to turn to get the music to play. This was a real waste of money.
4 ||| I can't count the times that I have read this old standby to my children. They are grown now, but never seemed to get enough of it when they were little. It is simple, yet mesmerizing. Dr. Seuss sure got it right when he created this classic. It is a must read, and I will read it many more times to my grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
1 ||| What a lousy soundtrack for a suprisingly fun movie. Some of the actual score pieces are decent, but NONE of Elton's songs on this album are worth even a brief listen. Save your money and buy "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" or "Madman Across the Water."
1 ||| It's a pity I heard Version 2.0 first: their first album shows where many of the later ideas come from, yet they are less developed. Songs like "Only happy when it rains" and "Supervixen" are my favorites, but this is not their best album. It lacks the rollercoaster aspect of 2.0!If you are a true "Alt Rock" fan, then you'll love it - I'm not - preferring the more electronic / dance second album.
3 ||| I got this used from a local shop, and I have to say, it was totally worth it. I suggest to other buyers out there, check your local craigslist postings and thrift shops for your baby items. Alot of the stuff was used for a month or two, and is basically in new condition.My daughter loves this playmat and is fascinated with all the toys. The pillow seems a bit silly, but otherwise a wonderful purchase. I love that you can re-arrange the way the toys are places since it doesn't hook together any specific way.
0 ||| Wow, what a let down. This movie had such great potential and it fell flat on its face. "Date Movie" isn't god-awful, but it isn't a movie you're likely going to want to watch over and over again.Alyson Hannigan is wonderful and I've never seen her look better, well after the first 10 minutes anyway. Eddie Griffin who can be very funny, just wasn't in this time around.There are a few funny parts of the movie and some good scenes, but overall it just doesn't deliever and I can't recommend it for anyone looking to add it to their collection. "Not Another Teen Movie" was much better I thought.
3 ||| The Tivo wifi adapter works like a charm, no idea if others work as well, reports seem to indicate if you want full fucntion, use this one, I can't argue as it works. Yes, it's a bit pricey, great price at Amazon, but it sure appears to be a quality piece, it's heavy, well finished, and even has indicators on it to show status and activity.
1 ||| The book was new, but defective. It looked like it was marked as defective by someone. A large black permanent marker was used to mark a line down the side of the book along the edges of the pages. I looked in the book to see what was wrong with it and a few of the pages were smeared but still legible. There should have been some indication that it was defective and what the defect was. I am assuming that new means new. New with a defect needs to be made clear. This is misleading.
0 ||| I was disappointed in this book since I had heard good things about it. If you like love stories than maybe you would like this book. I found the story to be very lame and it never really took off. I did finish the book but I found myself thinking blah blah blah just get to the end of the story so I can start another book.
3 ||| I found the Fly Traps to be very effective, however if the bag was a little bigger, then I would have said it was a perfect product.
3 ||| I am a huge Garth fan and also a fan of instrumentals. This album seemed to be perfect. The only problem is that I am not much into bluegrass. I do, however, really enjoy "the Thunder Rolls" and "Beaches of Cheyenne." These tracks are nice to put on and just relax. My absolute favorite track is "The Dance." It is a very powerful piece that starts out slow but really becomes fast-paced at the end. It is awesome! Preview this track and you will see what I mean! As far as the other tracks are concerned, they really just arent the same without Garth's voice. Overall this album is alright but I wouldn't buy it unless you are REALLY into bluegrass.
1 ||| This router is no good if you're a power user. It gets overwhelmed all too easily if you're running multiple applications communicating with the Net from multiple computers. It also does not play well with Bit Torrent.I had to replace it finally after it stopped handing out IP addresses and would not allow me to establish a connection to it from any PC despite trying all possible methods.You get what you pay for in routers I think.
4 ||| Very nice product. It will save a lot of space in your bathroom and still look slim and nice. I am recomending this product to anyone with not heavy cloth.
3 ||| this is intense early eighties hardcore brit punk. Not sounding like many of the metal/punk bands of the day (GBH, Discharge, English Dogs, Exploited, Broken Bones, etc.)they breed their own dirty brand of punk. If you like the Subhumans, you will like this. In fact, this is what the Subhumans would have sounded like if they were strung out ... An absolute must for hardcore fans.
3 ||| The Nelson Mandela and Goethe quotes are misattributed. That doesn't inspire confidence, and I wish they'd correct it. "Boldness has genius" is evidently by explorer W.H. Murray and "it is our light, not our darkness, that frightens us" is from Peace Alliance founder Marianne Williamson.I did like this book, though.
4 ||| This is the MOST wonderful damson preserve I have tasted since my grandmother made it at home (east coast USA) in the early 1970's. Treat yourself to this gorgeous, deep ruby preserve and let the delight soak through you! Put it on toast or a warm biscuit with butter, and be transported to taste bud heaven and good, simple times past all at once. Thank you, Wilkin & Sons, for making a memory turn into a lovely reality for me.
3 ||| carefully hidden and slickly produced film from the Veterinary Medical Association (the same ones that promote vaccinations) and a foundation front for the commercial cat food industry ... named at the end of the vid, but not named on the cover for this vhs tape. Ann Childers probably means well, but experience and research has taught me to keep my cats far from vaccinations and commercial cat food, especially the dry bags that they promote with glee.
3 ||| Would have given 5 stars only there is no narration by Dekard, like the original. Commentary overlap is not the same as the original narration.
3 ||| Blade Runner has never been prettier, and I find it kind of sad that very current films (such as 28 Weeks Later) look horrible next to this (don't buy 28 Weeks on Blu-Ray, stick with regular DVD; it looks the same and costs less). SKIP the director commentary-Scott likes to pat himself on the back about how great he is, and talks non-stop about Alien. About a third of the way through it drove me so crazy I had to switch the commentary to the second track, which consists of writers and is more entertaining and interesting (and they talk about this movie, NOT Alien). The added goodies in the package (origami unicorn, holographic plaque, hovercar) are a nice touch.
1 ||| Well, I bought it because it was on my brother's wish list. When I got it, I was like, where's the pencil and knife? Then, I looked at the description again and saw it's not included? Hmmm ... makes sense why it was so inexpensive. Wonder if my brother knows there is no knife and pencil.
4 ||| Never had a more positive surprise listening to music. Mr. Smith is absolutely amazing. Having Cannonball on his side obviously improves the quality of the album. But the main attraction is Louis Smith who cseems to be inspired by Clifford but where others fail to play "up there", Louis manages and at the same time has his own distinct sounds and phrases. What a joy!
4 ||| It's amazing what can be sucked up with this vac. We have a Shepherd/Hound and this Vac has no problems picking up dog hair off HW floors and rugs.
3 ||| The meat cooks very uneven on this grill. You constantly have to flip the meat over to get an even cook. Other than that, the grill would have been nice.
4 ||| It's a really tiny tool, I was surprised at first but I really like it. It looks better in real than on the pictures. It seems sturdy enough for the use I want to make of it - does not look cheap at all. It's totally worth the 10 bucks it cost me.
3 ||| found one of the fryer pans dented probably due to shipping,large hole in the box. holes drilled to put upper and lower sections together were to small for bolts provided had to re-drill holes. two bolts were missing for tank guard, had to go to hardware store and purchase two new bolts and nuts. found assembly very frustrating do to lack of quality control. other than that truly like the fryer overall. a set of hooks mounted on frame for utensils would have been nice.
0 ||| This being the only Tom Clancy novel that i have read, i have to say i was greatly dissappointed. I found Rainbow Six an extremely predictable story of good guys versus bad guys. This book logged in at nearly 900 pages and yet the charactors were all one dimensional, the plot could be seen a mile away, and there were no suprises at all. The women, although educated, were incapable of comprehending the hard realities of the job the men performed - killing terrorist. Huh? The sexist nature of this novel portrayed women as liberal, pouting, drones best left to mothering children than worrying about politics. The vigilanty style justice at the end of this book was pure fantasy.On the positive side about this novel was, although way too long, it was a quick and easy read. The action was fast paced and rarely bogged down too much. My recommendation is that if you like this type of genre, you would be much happier reading anything by Robert Ludlum. His novels are far superior to Tom Clancy's.
0 ||| I made the BEST baklava - which was ruined by the bristles that fell out. All that work to be negated by this brush! I'm sticking with silicone from now on.
0 ||| I needed a charger because i misplaced mine. I an stunned they want $36 for this thing that should not cost more than $10.
3 ||| I'm 5'3" 112 lbs. The small size is sluggish and 1 1/2 inches longer than I would like them to be. It's well made and material is ok for the price-not too thick nor thin. I'm afraid that they don't have x-small size.
0 ||| The second day after I purchased this product the power light started flashing amber. This error code is not listed in the actual manual, but on the maxtor site it states that it means there's a problem with the file system... I have to throw my vote in with the others, avoid this product.
0 ||| ... with R. H. Oakley's review, which said in part, "Enough clues are given that most readers will realize who the killer is and how the killer pulls it off half way through the book. And the means used to pull it off would not be believed in a comic book. The sheer impossibility was so great that once I realized what the answer was, I skipped to the end of the book to confirm my belief, and then gave up on it."I'm halfway through now, and having figured out the ridiculous ending, I simply have no further interest in this book. I give it two stars because the first third held my interest and promised an interesting denouement. But once you realize who is guilty and why - and above all, how it's being done - you will probably decide, as I did, that the book just isn't worth finishing.Incidentally, does this author do any research, about anything, ever? He does not know the first thing about police procedure, criminal profiling, the FBI, or the military. Sheesh!
2 ||| G-Force was disappointing. As an adult, I was in the wrong audience age group. The story, such as it was, was long on explosions, action and impure, non-humorous jokes, and short on good acting and heart. It was probably made primarily for pre-teen boys. I didn't empathize or identify with the character's plights at all.The story was simplistic, about a misfit team of animals saving the world. Humans were depicted as dolts at the mercy of the animals' superior intellects. The acting, whether voice characters or live action, was tongue-in-cheek and dull, with the exception of Nicolas Cage's part. It seemed like they couldn't get into the story.When the movie was over I turned it off with a feeling that I had wasted my time and my money.I gave G-Force three stars because the animation is good.
3 ||| I originally ordered this because my girlfriend is working on being an elementary teacher, it contains 3 of the bug based magic schoolbus episodes (didn't realize this, I don't know much about the magic school bus). Great thing to buy if you're trying to find some DVDs for an elementary school room.
1 ||| This is a very experimental CD from Oakie in a way similar to Swordfish. I think its a shame because it really seems like he has left his old style behind and now seems to persue a more'pop'y style to his music including famous American artists in his tracks. The Reviews on this CD resume itself to either1 or 5stars (like him or hate him). Like others say DO NOT buy this CD if you are expecting some of Oakie's "good" work (Perfecto Presents, tranceport)but if you like pop, then do buy it, Oakie still has GREAT talent...this could be called electropop I guess.
1 ||| Not the best learning toy out there. It is nice since it attaches to the car seat, but only keeps my little one entertained for a few minutes.
3 ||| This book and its predecessor Point of Origin were so much better than Cornwell's other recent titles. I loved the new romantic interest Talley, the Benton Wesley romance was really going nowhere fast. Hope the next one is even better.
1 ||| The only reason I gave this 2 stars is because I thought the actors involved did a great job, they played the roles with heart and were very believable. The movie itself was very "heavy" to watch and not at ALL what I had hoped for. The first two were such fun loving films and this one is so dark and at times just odd. Like, the part at the end when Anne is saying goodbye to a friend whose son she saved during the war, and she tells him "I will always think of Dominic as ours", Uh....okay. Why would the baby be hers in any way??? Bizarre, just a weird thing to say. And the end was very annoying, when Anne and Gilbert fight to get Green Gables back and then decide to move away!!! I wish I'd never watched this one and just ended it with the second one, where Anne and Gil decide to be together.
4 ||| Training for the Salt Lake City 2007 (my first) marathon, i got injured and doubted whether I would be able to do it at all. After reading this and applying it's techniques, i found that my technique was all wrong (or non-existent). Determination and commitment were not enough for an endurance race! I thought running was something you 'just did'. Wrong.Not only did I finish under 4 hours, but i had an injury-free race and even felt fine afterwards.That was all due to the book - I can't praise it enough. I also bought the video too. It was the best money I spent on running gear - after my shoes!
4 ||| A novel that stands the test of time. Jane Eyre is an eloquently written, surprising, and captivating novel. The beauty of this tale is sometimes overlooked because of the time period from which it hails. However, one must not allow the restrains of the time period in which this novel was written restrict one from reading it. For, not only does Jane defy the roles set for her by the society of her time, but this novel, written under a pseudonym by Charlotte Bronte defies the rules of a novel for its time.The novel is revolutionary in its own singularly, and by what is captured on its pages.This is a must-read for anyone. A classic that is a necessary addition to every library.This book is above any star-rating system.
3 ||| This is the first Tom Wolfe novel I've read, and I had a preconceived notion of southern literature along the lines of Styron or Faulkner. This novel is more Olivia Goldsmith than Carson McCullers, and I have to admit I loved it. Wolfe's detailed inner dialogues were addicting, and I followed each of the characters with varying degrees of sympathy, admiration or disgust, but never boredom. He describes the world of his story to such an exact amount of detail that I feel like I could now write a novel of New York in the '80's (or at least Tom Wolfe's version of it). I was hoping desperately for a neat and happy ending, and I was both pleasantly surprised and disappointed with the resolution. Quick, satisfying read.
1 ||| I usually wear a 10AAA, but this shoe was too narrow for me. Maybe it would have stretched out, but I don't have the patience for that. So I had to return it.
0 ||| I would have giving it no stars if all possible. I spent my money with the hopes that it would make my life easier, no. I can't get it to install at all. i tried installing it a computer with windows xp, got the new drivers and all. Nope. I tried it on a computer with windows millenium, nope. easy install is a joke. I tried to install it ever way i could think of, I tried forcing the drivers and all, but on both systems it just comes up as an unknown usb device and won't even install period, much less me having any comment on speed or reliability.... get something else from linksys or maybe another company all together.
1 ||| This is 90 % 4mm beads Not as described in the description. Better deals to be had on 4 mm beads
4 ||| Whoever said Clay needs to sing covers of old Frank Sinatra, Johnny Mathis, and other older songs, you are wrong. Clay is establishing himself as an artist, not a kareokie singer. Singing cover tunes would be bad right now. I'm glad he stayed away from cover tunes. He is proving himself and breaking out on his own. These songs cover everything from soft rock to country to pop. He doesn't even have the same vocal styles as Frank Sinatra and Johnny Mathis and Barry Manilow. He has a much stronger instrument and it is used to his advantage in songs like The Way, Run to Me, Perfect Day, and Measure of a Man. Other songs, like When You Say You Love Me, Invisible, and Touch are more uptempo and sexy. Frank Sinatra and Johnny Mathis did not have a lot of range. Clay would only waste his voice if he sang songs from them. In any case, these songs are a perfect showcase of his talent and versatility.
1 ||| I have used both Pampers Baby Dry and Swaddlers for my newborn. Baby Dry diapers puff up like a marshmallow when they are wet making it very easy to tell when it is time to change baby. Stage 1 seems to be a different size for the two styles with Baby Dry less roomy than the Swaddlers style. I have never had a leak with Swaddlers but with Baby Dry the liquid poop keeps shooting up the back of the diaper and onto baby's clothes. Other than the leaks, the ruffled edges that keep contents inside the diaper often fold inside and I have to manually pull them out after changing baby. If I forget to do that the diapers aren't sealed properly and poop has a way to get outside of the diaper around the leg area as well. With Pampers Swaddlers the ruffled edges are always properly aligned.
1 ||| A lot of comparisons were being made between this series and the Stephanie Plum series by Janet Evanovich. While there are some similarities, this book didn't quite grab me like an Evanovich book.....which I will normally read in one setting! Sierra's poor use of the English language was very distracting to me as a reader. I guess my English teachers pounded certain rules into my head a little too much!
3 ||| I would recommend this book to kids, Elementary kids for the most part because it might be too childish for grown ups, yet to hard to understand for someone whos just too young. I found this book to be interesting; it kept me reading it and turning the pages. I thought the ending could have been alittle better because it was just too simple for the complexity of the book. Smog seemed to be a big force with a huge wrath but he was killed easily do to the lack of diamonds over the one part of his body that is the most vulnerable, his heart. I think there should have been a big war lasting days, carrying the drama out longer. This book was a bit slow in the middle and beginning but picked up at latter until the disappointing end. Overall it wasn't that bad of a book to read for school but I personally like something a little more realistic.
1 ||| ic has some good music but i would not buy it because he is not real his beats sound the same and he just fits into the same spot every other average rapper does but he just needs to work a little hard on the next cd and find a different producers change up a littlebig mike
2 ||| If you are a club goer from the tri-state area, Denny Tsettos is a household name to you. For those who aren't, Denny is a reknowned DJ, remixer and producer who has been packing the dancefloors in the tri-state area for years and equally kicking out some of the dancefloors biggest remixes. This CD captures the essence of a hot summer night down at the New Jersey shore club Temptations. The cd is full of Tsettos' signture style, banging beats with spices of vocals. Don't think this is any other mix cd with beats for over a n hour and once its done all you have to show for it is a splitting headache, because this cd is not that. Denny keeps you moving from beginning to end. For all NY'ers, on those cold snowy January Saturday nights when you are stuck home because of a snowstorm and its 3 degrees out, pop on this cd and it will be a 95 degree hot August Saturday night!!!
2 ||| Pitt has proven time & time again that he is a rare breed! Hollywood's pretty boy WITH talent (Meet Joe Black, Kalifornia, Fight Club). Roberts makes "girlie" flicks and, in my opinion, ranks up there with G.Close in good looks! Uh-huh! Pitt & Roberts are the unlikely couple that go seperate ways after she finds out he has to do a "job" in Mexico. From here it goes downhill! There's even characters that have NO point being in this flick! Sappy, Hollywood ending...
2 ||| I wanted a male to male USB cable to move pictures and files from my computer to my laptop and to my digital picture frame. Neither the computers or the digital picture frame recognized each other. I checked the cable contacts and they were all OK. After doing some research I find out that you need a special cable that includes software to do what I wanted. I do not blame the seller for my ignorance.
0 ||| The main purpose of the filmmakers was to make it look, panel for panel, EXACTLY like the comic. Mission accomplished.As for plot and characters that we care about what happens to, this movie is a complete failure. The film is a mish-mash of several of the comic's stories. It all ends up as a complete mess.The make-up for the more bizzare characters looks ridiculous next to the more human-looking in the cast. And as for Miller's tenth-rate, "hard-boiled" dialogue...some things are better read in a comic book than actually spoken. It comes off real cheesy.Stick with producing over-priced comic books, Frank.
2 ||| This is a funny movie, however, the case for the DVD was in pretty bad shape. It was cheap so I guess I shouldn't complain.
1 ||| What a bunch of hype on this book. It's format is so concise as to be practically useless. It seems to be a bunch of class notes cobbled together. Mulitvariable calculus in a book that is only 5 inches across? What a dis-service to the subject. It can barely contain the full definitions for tensor products. Just silly. Lacking examples or much of anything for the reader to bridge the gap his terse prose leaves. A Font so small that indices are lost on some equations. It is no Differential Geometry. The difficulty is not within the subject matter, but with it's meager presentation. Not at all the quality you would expect from this author. God, I hope this isn't "The" book on calculus on manifolds. Not to mention the typos. I never knew that f(a)= f(a)+ f'(a)*h...oh wait it isn't, but f(a+h) is! I guess it was tough proof reading a hundred pages with 10 sentences on each page. Get the cheapest version you can.
1 ||| Don't let the name fool you. I was skeptical at first, but Julianne Margolies (spelling?) is fabulous. This show does a great job exploring some of the motivational factors that influence a decision to stay or terminate a marriage in the face of infidelity. It explores the family stress and impacts, especially since that "cheater" is a public figure. The martial and family story aside, it also offers a pretty compelling legal drama. I am a fan of Law and Order, and though this show lives more on the legal side than in the law enforcement the cases are compelling, draw from current events, and leave you sometimes questioning our legal system.
4 ||| This is a wonderful classic Disney movie. Love, love, love it! My 7 year old girl and 3 year old boy both love it too. The quality of the DVD was great and we will enjoy this movie over and over again. It has a great message and tells the story of history as only Disney can do. I highly recommend this movie for the great story and got exactly what I expected upon purchasing it!
0 ||| Not Like expected!!, i though i could find clear oceans and high definition everywhere but i was wrong.
1 ||| Looking for Holiday Music for a dinner party I went to Amazon and typed in Christmas CD. This CD came up as a Christmas choice. It doesn't sound very much like Christmas music to me. The value and shipping were very inexpensive so the sound of it was my only disappointment.
1 ||| Amazon, you did NOT send the version that I ordered of this movie..!! I wanted the COLORISED version, you let me believe you had it available, when I specified same, and I clicked on the colorised version. Then you sent the same old Black & White !! Do you have it available or not?? I'm still interested in the the color one...I can give this one away. [...]Annie Silva
4 ||| The haunting is one of the most visualy pleasing movies that I have ever seen.( thus, it gets 3 stars, not 2). The plot is [messed up]. i wish that the producers would have [forgotten] the PG-13 rating and killed off a couple more of the insomniacs. Good SPFX and AWESOME scenery. rent it today.The HauntingRated: PG-13 for strong horror sequences and mild language.three stars!
0 ||| If you like incomprehensible story lines, improbable plots and connections and an overtone of misogyny then this is your book.If not this is book best left unread.
0 ||| I use this item at work. So far in the span of about 2 months, 2 of them have broken, meaning the middle ball stopped scrolling downward.Another complaint I have is that the left and right mouse click isn't reliable because they actually aren't separate buttons. Periodically the mouse also goes into spaz mode where it will autoclick by itself for long periods of time (up to a minute).I'm not impressed, and have to replace 2 mice now and will not purchase another unmighty mouse.
4 ||| James Patterson has yet to let me down! I listened to the audio cd version and credit should also be given to the narrators/readers. Peter J. Fernandez is wonderful as the voice of Alex Cross, but my heart skipped a beat every time I would hear Denis O'Hara as the Wolf. I was surprised by the twists and turns of the story. Just when I thought they had caught the Wolf, some wicked twist completely threw me off track. The ending leads no doubt in my mind that we have NOT seen the last of the Wolf and I can not wait until the next novel.
1 ||| When one would see the previews you would think that "The Eye" is a scary film. However, this is not the case! "The Eye" is not scary at all, which is probably because the plot is not interesting enough to even care what is going on."The Eye" is about Sydney Wells (Jessica Alba) who has been blind since an early life tragedy. She has a great passion for music, which fuels her desire to be able to see music, not just hear it. Sydney decides to get a double corneal transplant, which restores her sight. While she is recovering from the operation, she starts seeing things that are not there. After this becomes a reoccurring factor, she believes that her donor could see into a different world."The Eye" never really held my interest at any point in the film. The film is either scary or interesting at any level.
4 ||| I've brought this puppet out in storytime and had kids ask me "what is it?" This is not your common cat. This is a grumpy feline! He has played a role for me, in that he does so perfectly convey a grumpy face, but he is not the most expressive puppet in my collection. His mouth movement limits his expressive options, but he does stuck-up cat very well! The fur is long, but not especially soft, so he's really not a cuddler. He's just unique, and ultimately just a marginal recommend. Anyone with large hands will probably not be able to manipulate his mouth, or perhaps even his front paws. I don't use him that often, but he always makes an impression!
4 ||| Come on, we all know the game. Shoa Kahn and Shang Tsung are trying to invade Earth but they can't do so without winning 10 straight victories in the tournament of Mortal Kombat and the lead characters Rayden, Liu Kang, Sonya, and Johnny Cage think they can do it. But they'll have to face the toughest opponents from the first two games: Goro, Sub-Zero, Kano, Scorpion, and Reptile. A little short on characterization but the special effects and action sequences make up for almost every individual short coming nicely. Only for fans of the original games. Tops the prior STREET FIGHTER movie like it doesn't exist.
3 ||| An amusing little read - - but buy O'Neil's book on how to make money in the stock market if you really want to get into the detail.
1 ||| I was so excited to finally be getting a rice cooker stateside! But I hate this one. Here are the reasons:1) No handles for the pot. I can't take the pot for the rice out without using a potholder or towel. There are no handles for easy lifting in and out.2) Pot is not secure. When I want to get my rice out, I have to use a towel or potholder to hold onto the pot because it won't stay still when I'm scooping out my rice.3) No beep for finished rice. Why isn't there a beep or a noise to indicate when the rice is done cooking?4) Over-warms rice. I left the cooker on with rice in it overnight, and instead of being yummy the next morning, it was mostly dried out and hard. What a waste of rice!In retrospect, I should have shipped my original rice cooker back with me from Japan. It had all these features, and I got it third-hand. Pay the extra money to get a real Japanese one, not an import.
4 ||| As usual, Card delivers with great writing and relatable characters. But the plot of Children of the Mind was just a little too out there for me to take it seriously.This book is hardly about Ender AT ALL. Or, it is if you count the fact that his soul divided and made two new characters, which were really old characters, one of which is still alive, so there are really two of them, only... well, it got pretty wierd. All the conciousness-swapping made the book rather unrealistic. I did, however, enjoy the God-Whisperings of Gloriously Bright.In short, this was a good book with a far-fetched plot. The ending was very solid, though-- and the book was a definite page-turner.
4 ||| Collecting the three different versions of the immortal Soft Boy's first album on cd was quite an accomplishment... And it's a shame that Rykodisc's contract to release it are up. If you're a Hitchcock fan, it's a must. "Leppo and the Jooves", "Human Music", and many more are collected here. This was Hitchcock at his hardest, and when it works it is something to hear. Of course, not all of it works, but if this is your thing, you won't mind a bit. Hitchcock's "fishy" lyrics are both sardonic and strange, but crank it up and enjoy! And get it while you can!
4 ||| This book is a classic and teaches you a lot about American history. It should be part of your classic library on your device.
0 ||| "L.A. Song" is one of the worst and most repetitive pieces of songwriting I've ever heard. How many times can she repeat the same lyrics just to fill a musical phrase? Oh, and "He lied like a salesman selling flies"?? What a stupid line. I just don't get the appeal. Based on this song I would stay away from the rest of the album, but that's just my opinion.
1 ||| I bought this book because 'The Twelve Days of Christmas' is one of my son's favorite songs. I love the illustrations, they're beautifully done. However, the order of the lines appears to be an older form (and somewhat less standard now). The way I've always heard it sung was 12 drummers drumming, 11 pipers piping, 10 lords a-leaping, 9 ladies dancing... this book has the lords and ladies first, then the drummers and the pipers. I realize that this sounds like a funny gripe, but little kids can get really focused on something being in the 'right' order and since this version is going to differ from the way kids hear it sung, it has the potential to bug them.
0 ||| I must say that I was disappointed with this CD...I really was expecting much more. Too many mid tempo songs that tended to sound alike and just didn't seem to go anywhere. Carrie Akre's guest vocal on "House At The End Of The World" was a real treat though. Not a terrible recording, but definitely not up to the standard set with "Green Thoughts."
4 ||| This has been a really fun CD for my daughters. It includes songs, poems and stories about the seasons (leaves blowing, riding on a swing, walking to school). The lyrics are sung in a clear, appealing voice and sound like they are truly being sung to a group of children. My four-year-old daughter listens to it at least once a day and often more. Some songs include movement, while others invite the listener to sing along. The CD winds down to some soothing songs at the end. The CD insert includes all the lyrics and suggestions for variations for the songs. This is one of our favorites.
0 ||| The title of this cd says it all. It is a big lie. The Game has lied about his whole rap career and even worse, he has lied about his life. And now, he is lying to his so called fans, saying that he is the Doctor's Advocate, knowing good and well, he got kicked off of the Aftermath label a long time ago. And then he lied to his fans about still being on Interscope, the only reason he finally came out and said he was on Geffon, was because by that time, it had already been confirmed so he would have just made himself look even more stupid to keep on lying. The Game as a repper and person is a lier, and the whole Doctor's Advocate is a lie. Dont by this piece of garbage.
0 ||| Story seemed pretty lame. Didn't seem to have a lot of dimension to it. Would have liked more substance in the plot.
3 ||| This film is not for every one becouse it will shock,offend,and psychologically assult you. It might even show you the dark place you might be in but dont want to see and what could happen if you don't get out of it. If you are attracted to films that are psychologically dark, surreal,and uncompromising like the works of Luis Buneul, David Lynch, and Claude Chabral then this film is for you. This films commentary is a must listen to if what the film is about flew over your head. I viewed it on blu ray its a bit grainy but if you get engrossed in the story like i did you will not notice it.
4 ||| jump into the mind of little alex and prepare to be caught by the whirlwind. you'll follow this 'humble narrator' as he tramples and stomps his way through a world he thinks he can control... you'll get inside his head and travel the ups and downs in the peak of nadsat fashion... burgess thrusts readers into a unique, futuristic world where young evildoers rule the streets (at first you may feel a bit lost in the language but by the second chapter you'll find your footing and by the end you'll read the talk as if youve known it all along). this book will stir up your mind, questioning ideas like human tendencies towards good/evil and the gov'ts constant manipulation and yearning for ultimate control --definitely a stimulating and satisfying read (quick one too-it took me all of 3 days) go for it!
0 ||| Doesn't fit the average 10" subwoofer. Edge of grills sits on surround, doesn't even reach subwoofer basket. Don't waste your money.
4 ||| If you have not followed the Ryan saga from square one dont bother reading the book. You just wont understand. Definately not his best book, but it is still better than 99.9% of the other books in this genre. Great plot, amazing accuracy, and a little predictable but still hard to put down.
3 ||| I've had an old nylon fork for years. It's getting pretty beat up. I use it for scrambled eggs, whisking gravy, etc. I've been looking for a long time for a replacement.Unfortunately, this is not the replacement. This fork is literally huge. It is a bit small for a barbecue fork, but way too big for on the stove. When I first got it, I laid it on the counter next to the old one, and it is at least 3 inches longer and quite "beefy".I resolved after spending so much money on a plastic fork, to give it a fair try. I've now used it several times, but have pretty much gone back to the old one. This fork is just so BIG that it is very awkward to use. It does get the job done, but what can I say? It just doesn't FEEL right.So, in closing, there is nothing wrong with the fork. It works and does what it is supposed to, just beware that it is much bigger than it looks in the pictures.
2 ||| It was a chore getting this grass to stay down in the tank, but finally managed to use a few sprigs of it. If you purchase it, leave it is large of a section as you can, put it down first, then dump your rocks/sand on top of it and pull it up to height. Also, the sprigs were not as "soft" as I was hoping. No motion underwater.
4 ||| Professional album from 1964. A very good selection of tearful songs by one of greatest singer and musician.
1 ||| "Magic" poses the question of whether ventriloquist Corky Withers (Anthony Hopkins) and his dummy Fats are two separate entities or Fats is just an extension of Corky's twisted psyche. Alas, the answer is telegraphed too soon so whatever suspense director Richard Attenborough is trying to muster is drained away. Anthony Hopkins doesn't help matters by chewing the scenery in a performance that's neither terrifying or funny. Ann-Margret is essentially wasted by being called upon to model tight sweaters which, in retrospect, is not entirely a bad thing. Hight point of film is Burgess Meredith as Hopkins' agent. Author William Goldman should sue the screenwriter but be adapted his own book.
1 ||| I had seen the Batman video years ago on youtube where he battled the Joker, Predator, and Aliens. That led me to this movie Hunter/Prey, since the leading actor had played Batman in that video years ago. I read some of the reviews and thought, "What the heck!" Unfortunately, this movie was a waste. It had tones of the old Dennis Quaid movie Enemy Mine, but sadly it didn't have the heart that movie did. The plot was silly and the acting was terrible. It's one of those movies where it's not bad enough to turn off, but when you do finish watching it, you'll wish you hadn't wasted the time. There was potential, but I would guess the writing is to blame in this circumstance. As far as Sleep Dealer, it wasn't anything to write home to mom about, but out of the two it was definitely the better movie. I actually found parts of it interesting and even thought the ending was somewhat silly, I felt better about the experience on this one.
0 ||| I wasn't thrilled with the fit of this bra. It was stiff and the edges were so pronounced that even my thickest sweater couldn't hide them.
4 ||| Watching this film, your heart aches because there's so much talent on display here that never got to work together at this length on film again, and you have a sudden sense of how much richer the golden age of Hollywood musicals could have been had African-Americans been given their due .... Anyhow, like everyone else I'm wowed especially by Lena Horne and by the Nicholas Brothers dance sequence. The latter is probably the single most amazing physical achievement in dance ever - you'll see it, not believe what you just saw, and then you'll be irresistably driven to show it to other people. Which is only fair; nobody should die without having seen this!
4 ||| I found this movie engaging,considering it is nearly 65 years old.The lack of technological sophistication i.e.visual effects etc.is compensated by superb acting and a great script.The black and white of the film also works well for the genre.It is also just about the right length;not too long like some old blockbusters.Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman display great on-screen chemistry and the movie progresses along at a brisk clip.The bonus features are also not too bad,keeping you informed of the main actors in some of the movies of that era.
1 ||| While I really enjoyed The Count of Monte Cristo, I felt that there was something missing. Imagine my shock when I came here and read the reviews stating that the unabridged book is 1400 pages long; and I realized that I had read the ABRIDGED version at 472 pages long!! Obviously, they cut a lot out of the abridged version. While it was still very good, it was lacking and I felt there were "holes" in the story (now I know why). I'll definitely be buying the unabridged version so I can re-read it.
3 ||| I wasn't expecting much from these "lesbian posers" but I was pleasantly surprised when I listened to the album. The super-addictive "all the things she said" really got to me so I bought the CD. There's some pretty good stuff on here despite their high-pitched singing. Tracks like "not gonna get us", "show me love" and "stars" are really well done.On the other hand 200KM/H IN THE WRONG LANE IS a really short CD with only 8 songs. The other 3 tracks are Russian versions of "all the things she said", "not gonna get us" and an extended version of "show me love". Lyrically this CD deals with gay love. Even the straight forward "malchik gay" deals with being in love with a gay boy.Despite Lena & Julia's girl-on-girl gimmick, 200KM IN THE WRONG LANE is worth checking out.
3 ||| TGH is a step and above the first book in the Wheel of Time series. The pacing is much better and the characters receive much more development. IMO, the Seanchan were an interesting touch, and learning more about the curious Ogier gave more depth to Loial, one of my favorite characters. The climactic battle involving the Seanchan, the Whitecloaks, the heroes summoned by the horn, as well as Rand and Ba'alzamon was amazing. in fact I could clearly visualize it in my mind. On to Dragon Reborn!
0 ||| I was very disappointed in this first CD from Clay. There is still nothing wrong with his voice, which I admired from the beginning of his appearance on American Idol. But the songs on this effort are rather ordinary, if not downright boring. I would have enjoyed more covers of older or modern standards, such as the effort he made on "Bridge Over Troubled Waters". He deserves better management!! His voice talent deserves a far better team behind it. I hope future outings have material up to his capabilities.
0 ||| Scrolling through the reviews of Facing The Extreme, it is easy to pick out, from their words, the type of climber I would choose to climb with and those I would not. Kocour's mean-spirited book clearly gives climbers and women a bad name In fact, the best lesson to be gleaned from the chronicle of this arrogant and self-serving woman is: choose your team members as carefully as possible whenever possible. The most insightful comment made by any of the reviewers was the one who said he would not want to be roped up to Ruth Anne Kocour. Who would?
0 ||| I've been a fan of theSTART since I saw them open for Incubus back in 2001. I love everything they have done, and consider Initiation to be one of their strongest albums. I liked the fact that they tried a different, darker approach to their sound; it worked with Initiation. This album, though, is just flat out dissapointing. It sounds like one of two things happened:1. Aimee has become theSTART's equivalent of Gwen Stefani and spent too much time listening to No Doubt's Rock Steady album.2. The band wanted to try something new/different and this is the unfortunate result.I'm personally hoping that the latter is the true scenario, but I judging by the cover, I wouldn't totally dismiss the former. I sincerely hope this is a one-time fluke. I've seen them everytime they come to San Antonio/Austin (which puts me at 8 shows now), but I don't even know if I want to see them perform this stuff.
0 ||| Bought this shower head/hose for RV replacment. Hose is not very flexible and already has permanent kink in it after 1st use (inner shealth is metal). Waste of money.
0 ||| I really, truly hated the EK 1001 series, and this book is no exception. A great deal of the questions are not covered in the gen chem book. Not only that, but there are very few (if any, I can't recall which had them and which didn't) passages, mostly just discretes. The problem with this is that you walk into the test and have a difficult time applying concepts to more vague passages.
4 ||| Ramsey Lewis' Time Flies simply shows that Ramsey is still at the top of his game. The fresh version of The In Crowd is scintillating and the rendition of Hosanna is R& B gospel at its best. The eclectic mixture of classical( Poco Allegretto from Brahms third symphony ), jazz, a dash of rock and a little blues all work for one of the best collections that I have heard in years. There isn't a second rate piece on the CD; and, nothing in this collection would ever be considered a "filler". This CD jams.
3 ||| If you like Stephen King then you have to read this book, simply because it was his first published novel. However I was very disappointed and I am very glad I did not read this book as my first Stephen King experience. It, to me is simply an average book. Once in awhile there are some scary moments but all in all I felt the book was a bit of a let down. If you are not a die hard Stephen King fan I highly suggest skipping this book, but that's just me.
3 ||| I was very impressed with this book until I read the text of pgs. 168 and 169 where the author states that the drug DES was found to be harmful to prenatally exposed offspring in the 1950's and quickly removed from the market. He goes on to state that a woman born in 1965 with reproductive abnormalites like those caused by DES could not possibly have been exposed to DES "since DES had been removed from the market."In fact DES was found to cause reproductive harm in the 1940's but not banned from use in pregnant women until 1971. This physician is spreading inaccurate, potentially harmful "information." In light of this widely understood information that DES was not taken off the market for use in pregnant women until 1971, this reviewer has to place in consideration the accuracy of the other information in this book. The information as to the active time period of des use is not obsure and widely available to professionals in this field
1 ||| Ever since 1993, (10 years now) Midways been spitting these games out. Theyre decent fighting games, plagued with mindless, unneeded blood and gore. While there are many gory games out there, at least their gore makes some kind of sence. As for this game, it makes no sence at all. When you punch your friend in the arm blood does not go squirting in all directions does it? A mediocre fighting title that tries to be orignal by adding blood and gore.
3 ||| A terrifying variation on the traditional boys' adventure story. The book give insight on the duality of human nature - the divide between order and chaos, intellect and instinct, structure and savagery. But however chillingly frigtening Golding's depiction of the dark side of human nature doesnt come across as shocking due to his masterful use of symbolism and foreshadowing. While there's no promise that it'll be enjoable for some readers, it's guaranteed to be unforgettable, which is why i guess, it remains a cult favourite.
1 ||| They are good but it's not a set of 8 just 4! So I was dissapointed because wanted to use all 8 and because of the price (twice more expensive that it seemed).
0 ||| I join others who said this book left them wanting. It was quite disappointing. I had hoped with this last book, all the "ends tied up" would be with the characters we have known for the whole series. I couldn't keep all the new people straight. I was hoping for more of Dooley as a young man. Nope. Puny has a new set of twins, and it was barely mentioned. Edith Mallory found God? Why? We don't know. BIG SPOILER AHEAD!!!!!!! And after searching all over for Kenny, he just happens to show up at Fr Tim's door!?! I just shook my head at that. It seems Ms. Karon wanted to get this book out of the way, so she could get on with the new Father Tim novels. I hope they will be like the first 5 books of the Mitford series.
4 ||| I'm no doctor, but this thing works! I use it for useless measures to make sure everything is going well with my health. The only minor problem is it seems too rubbery. When I go to the doctors, their's seems harder and easier to hit the nerve. Great for the price.
4 ||| Enochs books are not quite the depth of character as a Stephanie Lauren or Gaelen Foley - more light hearted and fun. Still this was a good read and kept my interest throughout with lots of great dialog and enough romance to keep a romantic like myself interested. Rafe was the perfect hero, a rake with a heart. And maybe not so much a rake as a man who truly needed a home and a purpose in life. Felicity gave him both - a reason to reform and a wonderful woman to love. You will not be disappointed in this book.
1 ||| I bought this grill last year with the hopes that it would become a regular part of my weekly cooking. I was sorely disappointed. This grill could never maintain a decent grilling temperature. I ended up buying another gas grill with a standard sized propane tank with a side burner to boot - worth it for the extra amount of money it cost, because it was utterly more useful. I don't think this grill is useful for anything except keeping food warm.
0 ||| I was so looking forward to this movie. What a disappointment. It was NOTHING like the first movie. I guess a good (great)act is hard to follow. If your looking for a good fantasy movie I recommend the origional Dragonheart or Excalubur. If your thinking about purchasing this movie PLEASE rent it first to see if you like it.
0 ||| I can only compare this to the Laurence Harvey LP that I lost 20 some-odd years ago, and it is a poor imitation. It becomes apparent immediately that Mr. Prysock is an amateur when it comes to dramatic reading. This poem requires a skilled professional, such as Mr. Harvey, to provide the tonal nuances and subtle changes of cadance that bring these words to life. Also, the music is inappropriate and in many places overpowers the speaker. Use your money to buy the book.
3 ||| it reminded me a little too much of The Rules. I know that men like a challenge (just like women like a challenge too). But there's something to be said for being yourself and doing what comes naturally, and not playing games--or you might attract someone who isn't right for the real you. That said, while I wouldn't take this book as gospel, it's definitely worth reading and thinking about.
0 ||| Yet another sleazy, morally bereft, utterly talentless, self-centered, materialistic, depraved, foul-mouthed, and just plain stupid rapper that has absolutely nothing to say, but deluded into thinking he does. At least he chose an appropriate handle for himself. Pretty ludicrous, all right.
0 ||| I was amazed that this author, who wrote about the injustice of racial prejudice, referred to homosexuals in this book as "limp-wristed." All my respect for what she was trying to achieve went right out the window. What an ignoramus.
4 ||| This is a great product for individuals looking for a basic mower. It runs just as well as a Black and Decker corded mower, yet its cheaper. I like the styling and performance.A great buy!
3 ||| This is the book whose relative failure made Svevo abandon his literary career for a decade or two until a young Irishman named James Joyce happened upon it while tutoring the then old man in English and realized its greatness. It's a wonderful story, the one of the future luminary resuscitating the old, broken spirit and it gave me the impetus to even pick up a Svevo book (that one being The Confessions of Zeno). But what is here? It is a very engaging, very biting, very vivid story, and one that is told with wit, grace and style. But (and there is usually a but) it clearly pales against his later masterpiece. If given a choice, I would definitely recommend Zeno over this one, but this is still a truly excellent read. The story of liasons gone awry, psychological musings and other problems of that then new creature, the Modern Neurotic, are the spine of this story, and they provide sturdy support... even if they get a better treatment in his next book.
3 ||| Great book content. I did not receive the CD for this book. Contact emails were kicked back to me as "no response emails". Be sure to enquire about the cd.
3 ||| This is an often overlooked and underrated album by Howlin' Wolf. This was his last album and he is actually in good voice and plays some great harmonica. What I like about this album is the content. Newer songs like 'Coon on the Moon' and 'Watergates Blues' stand out for me. It's not just a rehash of his hits. A major issue with the album is the harpsichord, which can be found on a number of tracks. Too much of this happended in the early 70's and it really dates the album. This would not be the first place I start to discover the great Howlin' Wolf, but would be a nice addition to round out a collection.
1 ||| First of all, I love Ct. Tom Peterson has always been one of my favorite bass players. That 12 string bass on Gonna Raise Hell is just awesome. I consider myself a die-hard CT fan, but the recording on this cd is really bad at times, not to mention Rick's guitar playing. I couldn't believe the guitar solo at the end of She's Tight. Awful to say the least. His overall guitar playing is really bad. Listen to Budakon, the guitar playing is almost flawless compared to Silver. Even the recording quality on Budakon is better. I've noticed that at live performances as well. The last few times I've seen CT, Rick's Guitar playing was terrible. I own almost every CT cd, but I must say, this one is at the bottom of the list.
1 ||| I've owned a variety of NetGear units over the last five years, mostly stuff given to me, bought cheaply at sell-outs, and left over from dot-bomb company crashes.I keep using them because I have four of the same units I didn't pay for, and I only have three connections hooked to them. I gave up dealing w/their support years ago.Once or twice a year the unit and/or the power supply burns out, and I recycle the unit at a local company. When I run out of units or power supplies, I'll be done with NetGear and will avoid them completely in the future.The Linksys router I have sitting next to it is four years old and still running without any downtime.
4 ||| "Buddy Emmons Sings Bob Wills" will satisfy your expectations for what an amazing steel guitar player can do with songs by one of America's greatest songwriters. Buddy's singing makes the listener wonder why he so seldom exercised his vocal talents. I walked into this tribute expecting arrangements that would be heavy on the steel guitar. I was surprised to find conventional versions that give the fiddles, piano, and steel guitar the conventional spacing one would expect to find in an 'Asleep At The Wheel' type arrangement. While not a great steel guitar album, this is a beautiful recording for those who adore Bob Wills' music.
2 ||| This book was released in Australia last year. Unlike most Lessing books, I found this 1 unremarkable. Overall, it reminded me of an angst-free 'The Four Gated City' (my favourite Lessing read). Compared with the 'The Four Gated City', instead of an island off the west(?) coast of Britain, we get impoverished AIDS-ravaged Africa. The African setting and characters are a stark contrast to the well-nourished middle class London characters - affecting.
4 ||| I just ordered this product 2 days ago, and received it in the mail this morning! WOW! Amazon.com and Target have really impressed me with how quickly this made it to my home. I am planning on taking it on our beach trip at the end of July. I am impressed with the product thus far.
1 ||| When I read technics books, I wait read technics books. Why I have to know if you like The Who or The Beatles? (page X, ...every chapter). Difficult language, difficult read, "personnal affaires"(absinthe), and I losed a lot of time. Less personality and more congruence.
0 ||| Once again Mr. Clancy has crammed a good 400-500 page book into 1,000 pages. While I devoured The Hunt for Red October, Red Storm Rising, Cardinal...etc, I have found his last 3 works major disappointments. I actually cried when the US sub sunk in Red Storm Rising. Now, I would be happy is someone would ask Mr. Clancy to sit down and be quiet and let Mr. Ryan or one of his minions DO something other than pontificate on ultra conservative, right wing, table pounding non-issues.
3 ||| I came across some cookbooks my mother had that were distributed by processed food manufacturers in the early 70s ... that's what this book reminds me of. The recipes are sized for one or two, which is nice, but there are very few dishes that would appeal to someone who is trying to eat healthy. I suppose someone with more time and imagination than I could figure out how to modify the recipes to incorporate fresh ingredients.
3 ||| The puzzle is sturdy and looks nice. However, many of the vehicles get in the way of others and it is just too tight/full of stuff. It would be better if there were 2 or 3 less vehicles and there was more room and some open spots/available roadways.My kids don't complain, but I am pretty sure it would get more use if it were designed with a little more flexibility for play.
1 ||| I only saw this movie because Patricia Velazquez is in it. Lets put it this way her small scene in the beging is really the only scene worth watching. I think Christopher Lambart is a first class actor the story is wonderful and so is the sets and music. The audience has to almost help make the story because it seems like the movie is either in future of in the past its hard to say, the movie is based on a 18th century poem and the way people dress and the way they live seems to be from the past but then there is the little thing of having zippers, lighters, and so on and so. I don't understand either that only one person in the movie has an english accent shouldn't they all? In all i found the movie hard to understand you have to watch it a couple of times and read allot about it on the internet to undertstand it.
1 ||| Ultimately, this is a decent story. It does contain elements that I strongly feel should not be part of Superman lore. Having Clark Kent know Lex Luthor when they were young is absolutely absurd. It's simply bad storytelling.This story borrows far too heavily from the hack show Smallville, one of the worst and grossly overrated adaptions of the young Clark Kent mythos to date.This starts off an interesting, even an excellent read, becomes ridiculous, and ends in an entertaining way. DC removing this from continuity was a smart idea.
1 ||| The habit depicted on the cover of this book is that of a Daughter of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul, before 1964. They do not identify themselves as nuns, since they do not take perpetual vows. They are "sisters." What a blunder!
0 ||| Don't bother with this one. You only get one DVD with any episodes on it (three Shemps and one Curly), and the rest of the DVDs are nothing more than interviews, clips, and just plain filler material. These are a total waste of time and money.
0 ||| I received the first disc I ordered and found it to be corrupted. The concert didn't play. I exchanged it for a new one and the same thing happened. I returned the second one and haven't purchased another.
2 ||| I believe that this movie portrays real life adolescence, and they're views on life. Many people believe that the video is a fallacy, however from the perspective of a teen growing up on the streets, the movie couldn't have hit the nail any closer to the head. Unfortunately teens believe they're invincible and will go throughout life bouncing from wall to wall until they crash. I believe that this may as well be a documentary on the street punk/skater teenage subculture.
4 ||| I retracted my negative review due to the fact that I didn't give the cd more time to sink in. I still think Nelly could of sounded better if she had less music around her. I continue to love your voice, Nelly!
3 ||| I cannot play this video on linux despite having a very fast computer with a very good nvidia graphics card. The video starts playing and then a retarded amazon notification pops up saying it can't play it because of my flash player and it is unfixable. Well if it started playing and then stopped due to a pop up that has to be DRM. Amazon you need to knock it off now.The movie is fine.
4 ||| One of the best historical romance novels I have read. Laura Kinsale offers exceptional character development, story development, and prose.
4 ||| "Goodnight,Mister Tom." was an enjoyable, touching novel which showed the growing relationship between an eight year old evacuee called Will, and a lonely old man called Tom, who takes him in during the second world war. As Will grows from a scared, beaten little boy, to an older, happy, healthy one, the characters like Zach , George and carrie all help to make Will confident enough to learn to read and write. There are many more things that Will and his friends do together which will make you laugh and cry. Overall this was an excellent book which many will enjoy and want to read again and again.
4 ||| I was fortunate to have appeared in my high school's performance of Drood this year, as the Princess Puffer. It was my first show and in the beggining I was annoyed that the director had not chosen a more well known musical. However, as I read the script and listened to the music I really did fall in love with the show. It is so original and catchy that I often found myself singing it all the time. It is worth is to buy and listen to. It has become one of my all time favorites and might become one of yours.
1 ||| The 'lasts for weeks' attractant lasted (Drum roll, please) LESS THAN 24 HOURS!! When it worked, it worked great. But, right now I think I have paid about $1.00 per wasp. Not what I had in mind. The design is good. You can see if the wasps are dead before you take it apart. I did not trap anything other than yellow jackets. The plastic is fairly rigid. That it doesn't come with a hanger of some sort is a downer. And, because of the design it must hang--you can't set it on something. If, and that is a BIG "if", I get some more attractant I am just going to put a drop on the cotton at a time instead of using the whole tube. Hopefully that will work better.Over all--two stars.
4 ||| I have been looking for a sifter just like this for YEARS. My mother had one with a similar mechanism and a handle on top that you moved from side-to-side; I much preferred it over the one with the squeeze handle. So, after I ventured out of the house on my own, I hunted for one, but to no avail; I've had to make due with the awful squeeze handle type that take forever and cramp one's hand. This one is a new twist on that old favourite that makes it even easier...no handle on top to move back-and-forth, now it's just a simple shakeshakeshake and you're through! The plastic covers are a great addition, especially when filling the sifter. Oxo products come through again!
0 ||| This book is purportedly a classic? It is the worst thing I have ever read. Just rambling non-sense of a drug addict pervert.Not even interesting or well written.
3 ||| This is the guide I recommend for first-time visitors to Vienna. It organizes the city space in an intuitive way, unlike some other guide books I've seen. The photo-based approach really helps people orient toward things they might to see (or not). It also covers some sights outside the city limits, and a few within a day-trip radius.Unfortunately, it hasn't been updated for a while. Some parts of tourist Vienna, especially around the Museum Quarter, have been changing rapidly. Some important destinations are under long-term reconstruction and unavailable for visits. You'll have to do a little online research to supplement this book.
0 ||| The game is horribly designed. One of the first things you must do is place the airport runway, and you are required to do this without being able to zoom out far enough to see the ends. It gets worse from there.
3 ||| As good as it may look at first there are problems under the surface. The book is printed in 2000 meaning that PHP installation is out of date, for instance. Moreover, the 40+ pages about JServ integration are pure junk as the product JServ no longer exists and has been replaced by a totally different product (Tomcat). Also, there are several things that are not discussed at all even though they are referred to (the htdocs directory, for instance). As somebody stated all of this information can be found more up-to-date in the Internet now. I like the book, however :-)
4 ||| This movie is a picture perfect reverence of the book. Everything i pictured from the book came out in the movie. And the charactres in the film match the book's character's personalities. I'd give this movie 10 starts if i could. I sincerely ebcourage people to watch this movie.
4 ||| If you are a fan of Stan during his Bossa Nova period this is the ultimate must-have for your collection.
4 ||| This was an excellent value and fit my GP100 revolver perfectly. Very easy to install and to change colored tubes. It really shows up well, much better to sight in than original black sight. Recommend it.
4 ||| Thank you for providing this book - what a wealth of knowledge. We have been working hard on our loveable golden that likes to jump when greeting new faces. It is a tough habit to break. Thank you for your help.
0 ||| This book was going great until I got to page 60. The next page was missing and was clearly printed that way, not torn out. I flipped through the next few pages and realized that pages were put together all mixed up, so I've had to flip around to keep reading. It's very annoying and confusing. The publisher is Harper Collins. They should be ashamed of themselves. This book is a classic. Get the book, just not this printing.
2 ||| While I found this book quite interesting, I have to say that for me, after all is said and done, it was also quite forgettable. Truly original and well written but not something I would read again or recommend to my friends. After reading the reviews for it I was expecting to be totally swept away and that never happened. Definately a chick book.
4 ||| Love Micarelli's sensuous and versatile style on this most-beguiling instrument. Every selection tells a story...if you just close your eyes and listen. Micarelli is in auspicious company these days with Josh Groban and piano virtuoso William Joseph. Encore, Ms Micarelli, encore!
0 ||| i would never have imagined in a million years with all the supposed tlc focused on this flick, that it could have been this poor. it's outrageously bad. the plot...wait what plot? when you see ninjas jumping around closing ranks on bruce, and if you don't fall asleep after the first hour or so...you'll get to 'enjoy' the same disjointed plotless cra#$est that i unfortunately paid to see.AVOID
1 ||| I got this and for the first week it looked really good then I washed it and tried to put it back on and the elastic broke. Not sure if it was my error in how I washed it or not.
4 ||| While I don't get too excited by clothing, and this is no exception, I do find this is a well made, comfortably warm vest, that I am glad I purchased.
0 ||| Don't belive the hype. 2 good tracks, one being the single Bridge Over Troubled Water. He is so talented but this cd is baaad. What happened? I loved him on the show, but the song choices are lame to say the least. Maybe the next one will be better. Better to burn than to buy this one.
0 ||| Although I was able to play the first two games in the series without problems, and although I have updated drivers, and my computer meets all of the necessary requirements, I couldn't get past one minute of game play without the game freezing or shutting down. Way too many bugs and no support online. I would avoid this one.
0 ||| From reading other customer reviews, I thought that this blanket would be decently soft but it really isn't. It's like sleeping with cardboard. It is a good weight, however, it is irritating to my skin and I use it only as a blanket for my cat (even he doesn't prefer it. He would rather sleep directly on my comforter rather than on this blanket). I would not suggest buying this blanket. Save your money.
2 ||| I've had great experiences with Bosch tools and appliances, so I thought I'd give one of their vacuums a try. At first, I liked the fact that it was lightweight and quiet, but I ran into several problems:- the handle and brush attachment are awkward to use. It's impossible to vacuum things like the top of a television.- the plastic used on the wand is cheap, and the wand broke just after the warranty ran out- a couple of times that I was vacuuming a particularly dusty floor (during home renovations), the bag popped off and large amounts of dust got sucked into the motor. Now the vacuum is considerably noisier than it should be, and it heats up considerably after a little use.Because of all of these problems, I am now looking for a new vacuum after just two years. My previous canister vacuum, a Kenmore, lasted about a decade before the motor blew. Time go look at the Mieles...
1 ||| This book is my least favorite of all tjhe N.W. books. It has almost nothing to do with the night world. Very disapointing. I think that David is really stupid and Gillian should be soulmates with Angel. Now that would've been cool.
4 ||| This book is an excellent, succinct, well-organized source of family therapy theories. It is clearly organized with the most crucial information along with resources for additional reading. It is also organized for use in teaching family therapy theories. I found it to be a wonderful source to use in preparing for the MFT certification exam.
1 ||| Book appears to be based on a scan of a previous printing. There are many errors making it difficult to read. For example "bad" is substituted for "had" consistently. Sentences break and new paragraphs start without good reason. None of the original copyright info is included, this is a 2008 edition, which leads me to believe that it has expired.
1 ||| This video was let down. The historical blurb at the beginning is a time waster, and a pain to fast forward thru every time I want to practice dancing. I agree with other reviewers regarding the time devoted to "freestyle" and "improvisation". I am too new at this to recognize the moves when they are put together so quickly- and without any commentary. I find myself struggling during this part, or worse - just standing there feeling frustrated and foolish. Some instruction regarding transitions from one move to another would have been appreciated. On the positive side, the actual breakdown of moves was very helpful, especially the belly roll and undulations. I was really struggling with those, and I'm now confidently on my way. I wish they had covered more moves in that manner. Bottom line- it's been a week, and I'm already seeking out another video to buy.
1 ||| this comes from someone who knew nothing of the legend of lord lucan.. but still.. from the opening of the story i was intrigued by it. however, the book is constantly repeating the few details that it shares with us on the crime and lord lucan's disappearance over and over again. i felt the book to be very incomplete. the key word here is repetitive. It's just a bore! Pass it! (the last two sentences being the only in need of capitalization)
2 ||| XIII sets itself apart by delivering something truly special: a comic book-styled FPS.The game's 37 missions are a mix of run-and-gun mayhem and stealth. If you slow down to a tiptoe, you can hear others' movements, which appears onscreen as illustrated visuals like tje words "tap tap" that reveal enemy positions around corners and through walls. Cut-scenes unfold in mind-boggling swell of animated panels.If XIII has a major flaw, it is the savegame system. Inexplicably, you can permanently save only between levels. The boss fights are also ridiculous. Why I have to fire repeatedly on old men without armor to kill them when I can kill soldiers with one or two shots is beyond my comprehension.However, this game has a lot of atmosphere and if you are a fan of the Belgian comic book, you owe yourself to try that game.
1 ||| First I had the mini..now I have the nano. So lightweight I don't even "feel it" when I a wearing it during workouts. Sound quality..top notch. Caveat: Don't order Apple's "Grey" Sports Armband. It is really white..it is overpriced..and it DOES NOT hold up well under workout conditons.
3 ||| The Bottom Line:The Hours was pure Oscar bait--a prestigey adaptation of an intellectual novel (see The English Patient for another) with Nicole Kidman, Julianne Moore and Meryl Streep for God's sake--but beneath its pretty shell the film is pretty empty; by no means a bad film, it's a decent drama that benefited from a good marketing campaign and December release.
4 ||| I'm a vitamin C believer and try a lot of kinds. A friend recommended this, so I tried it. It's really easy to drink and as far as I can tell, it works. When i feel a cold coming on, or feel worn down, it seems to perk me up. Of course it's very subjective, but I now drink one every day. I prefer it to tablets, because it seems more "real" and I get a refreshing drink at the same time.
3 ||| I liked this movie to a point. The parodies were hit or miss. Some really well. Others didn't fair well, but thankfully they were the short ones. Problem is they rushed from one parody to the next creating alot of confusion.Story could have been put together a bit better. I thought that Not Another Teen Movie was better in that aspect. But again Parody flicks aren't necessarily built on the storylines. They are built around knowing the originals and what is spoofed.
2 ||| Review by Tyler Wagnon:Brand New Sin is a band that I have tried really hard time and time again to get into, but just can't. They play southern-influenced hard rock a la Down, Crowbar, Black Label Society and the like, which is alright and demands certain level of respect, but it just doesn't quite get the juices flowing.Some of the riffs can be a little stoner-ish from time to time, but for the most part they keep things up tempo with a nice rock flair. Joe Altier's vocals bring to mind Phil Anselmo mixed with Zakk Wylde. The guitars take on a soulful feel much like Corrosion of Conformity, so add them to the influences as well.There is nothing wrong with this style of music, as there is nothing about it to hate, but at the same time it's hard to latch on to.
1 ||| I bought this based on the reviews. Upon viewing the first few episodes, I found the stories to be boring, silly in spots, and lacking in reality. The characters comprising Robin's little band seem to be a little dense and bumbling. Scenes of people sitting around accompanied by music playing are not appealing to me. I intend to watch the rest and certainly hope the stories improve.
4 ||| here's another one of agatha christie's classics... the title provides the clue to what the novel's mostly about... a page-turner which will keep readers entertained till the very end...
1 ||| The first time I read this book, I loved it, fullstop. The second time I read it, I was pretty angry about being tricked, but it was still awesome. Reading it all these years later as an adult, I noticed how sexist, racist, and lazy this book is. Don't get me wrong- enough of it is still entertaining that I didn't try to set my copy on fire, but it's not nearly as good as I remember it being.
1 ||| "The Last Unicorn" is one of my favorite childhood movies, and the movie itself certainly deserves 5 stars. However, the DVD version is so poor, quality-wise, that I cannot recommend it. I read the reviews here at Amazon before purchasing it, but I thought surely it couldn't be as bad as everyone was making out. I'm no DVD expert, so I thought perhaps it was only DVD aficionados who were upset. However, I was mistaken. It really is terrible. All I care about is having a nice, clear picture, and this print is dark, dirty, and flickers strangely throughout the film. It's a shameful way to treat a wonderful movie. I only hope that it will be re-released properly at some point!
2 ||| Take Autechre + Prefuse73 + Ming and Fs + Groove Armada and add a dash of Massive attack and you get Funkstorung. This is a sonically interesting album, highlighted by "chopping Heads" w/ Tes and the "stirring captured in tones" w/ Sarah Jay. So, why only 3 stars? One word. Enik. His vocals lyrics completely drag this album down--and unfortunately he's on the majority of the songs.Take "like a Poet" a likable, melodic song, but with lyrics such as, "like a poet, 'cause you're a poet, you just don't know it" ruin it...way to rhyme "poet" with "poet" and then "it", spent hours pouring over your thesaurus did you, Enik?Remove the vocals on all Enik songs and this album gets another star. Seriously, he's terrible.
2 ||| I have a brutally aggressive chewer (35 lb springer spaniel mix). She rips toys apart with her incisors. She ripped the tabs off around the hole opening in a few minutes. She has not done any additional damage to the main body of the ball. I am sure the ball would be great for normal chewers, but the tabs around the hole could not stand up to my beast.
1 ||| The product works fine, however I was not told that you have to have TIVO service for it to work. I did not purchase it for the TIVO system, but to use it solely as a DVR hooked to my computer. Consequently I had to purchase the yearly service of $129.00 just to be able to use it for my purpose which I feel is unfair. I did not choose to send it back due to the shipping costs of returning it and also that they allow you to use it for two weeks without purchasing the service. I didn't hook it up right away due to being on vacation when it arrived. I was too close to being over the return point as well. I feel it was unfair to advertise this product without foreclosing the fact that to use it simpley as a DVR you still need to purchase the high cost of TIVO.
2 ||| Thesis: Carlos Castenada, Teilhard de Chardin, Herman Hesse, Carl Jung, J. Krishnamurti, and a hundred others are part of a new, evolutionary consciousness, and we can be too!
3 ||| I am one of the girls in this book. I was 16 when Lauren photographed me. There is only one photograph of me and there is no story to go along with it. Why? Because I was a teen with a buzz cut who worked for a youth organization as a peer counselor. This does not fit the theme of her book, only the idea that I was controlled by our consumer culture worked to serve her concept so the rest of me was omitted. But hey, I like clothes so I must be a mindless drone of the beast that is consumer culture. I own the book now and I think what she is doing is admirable. Unfortunately I think she only shows one side and I am curious about the rest of the girls who were portrayed so negatively. This book makes a point that needs to be heard. It warns us of the dangers of our own materialism and the portrayal of women in the media. But I am sad that Lauren has not shown the other side, but simply blots it out to make sure she proves her point.
1 ||| Since I didn't read this book in three days or less I could only give it three stars but it's still two stars above "Barbarians Led By Bill Gates". Very entertaining and a cool glimpse inside a start-up. What struck me as most interesting about this book is not what's said, but what it makes you think about: How much has changed since the history of when this story happened. In the compressed and accelerated time-space that current technolgy resides, the ability to experience history and learn from it becomes all the more important.
1 ||| The Tarot of the Old Path deck is beautiful and quite original, but all you need to interpret it is the instruction booklet included with the deck. The book doesn't add much except the meanings of the flowers pictured on the cards--which is less interesting than you'd think.
0 ||| I thought this story was very difficult to follow. I even restarted it after reading the first hundred or so pages. Now I know why...there are several chapters intentionally omitted in this version, making it impossible to make sense of the text. I am angered that the publisher butchered the story without letting the consumer know that it had been done. Do not buy this book, or any other "Enriched Classic".
2 ||| I found the men's sock garters to be well constructed and designed. The problem I encountered is the uncomfortable restriction caused by the strong elastic and the painful pressure point caused by the adjustment buckle. I have worn them one time and am not soliciting a refund.
3 ||| I bought this on a whim after hearing leonard Cohen and scott walker comparisons but would say this falls closer to a happy Nick drake or Tim Buckley. Apparantly this was impossible to find for many years and is now here some thirty plus years later. Nick Garrie himself says(in liner notes) he fells the album is way overproduced and it is for sure, The title track and first song is great though it reminds me of early Tim Buckley- and scattered across the album is about 7 good songs.(about 11 with the bonus material) The production and arrangements are taken to the extreme which works some of time but the more stripped down demo bonus tracks reveal more depth than the mostly overblown production. I still think its a worthy purchase and this will please fans of al stewart drake buckley and perhaps walker and cohen fans. Theres a mix of folk alittle psychedlia some chamber pop and even some "country" and overall im glad its in my collection.
2 ||| I purchased Dick Cavett's John Lennon and Yoko Ono interview and it was great. It was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material. I gained new insight about John and Yoko. So I bought Cavett's interview of Jimi Hendrix expecting something similar. The 15 minutes of glib questions by Cavett produced nothing new about Hendrix. Included in the DVD are a few minutes of Jimi playing at Woodstock. The rest of the DVD is mediocre at best.
4 ||| I have been a fan of Linda Howard for a long time, even way back during her Silhouette novel years. Open Season is one of the funniest. I highly recommend all her novels. Suspenseful and very romantic.
4 ||| You certainly wouldn't want to take this backpacking, but for use at a campground, this tent would be hard to beat. I purchased it from a gold box offer shortly before Memorial Day, and just got back from a camping trip. Everyone was jealous of this HUGE tent. I am 6'5'' and could stand up comfortably in the center of this tent.It rained 2 of the 3 nights we were out there, and one night it POURED. Despite the usual loudness of the rain on the fly, this was a pleasant experience. No rain got into the tent, and thanks to the ceiling vents and well designed fly, we stayed cool and happy the entire night.Easy to set up, easy to take down. Easy to shake off after a rainfall to pack up immediately.1 adult and 4 kids was no problem, everyone had PLENTY of personal space. I imagine 4 adults fit in quite comfortably.Eureka hasn't let me down, and if you are in the market for a HUGE tent, this is the one to get.
4 ||| I thought this was a pretty good book. So glad I finished this before the movie comes out. If anyone wants a good book to read, read this one. Definitely lives up to the hype about this wonderful epic that Tolkien created.
3 ||| I read the book after having seen the movie. A book is supposed to give more of an insight into characters and the storyline than the movie can convey, but if a book is based on a movie (not the other way around) I would expect to see some consistency. I have to note one major mistake in the storyline from the book: Both in the book and in the movie, the Terminator tells John and Kate that Kate sent him back, not John, as the future John was dead. However, the book clearly shows the future John Connor sending the Terminator back through time (right in the beginning chapters). Unless there's something I'm missing here, that's a pretty bad blunder. On a positive note, it's still fun to read!
0 ||| This book was an anthology of 19 stories. I didn't like it because it was hard for me to make a mental picture in my head. I had to read almost every paragraph over. I could not comprehend at all!
0 ||| I was gonna buy this book until I got hold of my co-employee's copy. This book is so BORING that I gave up reading it after 2 chapters! I would usually have a quick glance at all the pages of a book to get rough idea on what the book is all about. But this time, I came up with nothing. The presentation style is so AWFUL it doesn't matter anymore what's inside the book!
4 ||| Extremely effective. Very pleased with this product. Living in an older home in San Diego where few homes have air conditioning, we keep our windows open for ventilation. Unfortunately this lets all sorts of pests inside, mainly annoying flies. Plus, our neighbors have three dogs, which I think are attracting the flies to our area. Last weekend I discovered the Rescue trap at Home Depot. I was skeptical, but I bought it and started to set it up on the fence bordering the neighbors. To my amazement, it caught two flies before I had even finished hanging it! In an hour it was swarming with flies helplessly trapped inside the bag. In another hour when the sun began to shine on it and warm up the liquid, there were hundreds of flies inside. It was fly genocide!24 hours later and the population has been reduced significantly. There are no flies in the house. Amazing.
0 ||| This is not a Tom Clancy book, and reading it is a waste of time and money . Surely Tom Clancy can't be this hard up for money to allow his name to be used on such a poorly written book.
4 ||| I have the whole series on my Kindle Fire, and I love to read them over and over again. THey are really good reading.
3 ||| Watch this movie, just for the sheer comedic value, and the sheer absurdity.I rented it for 4.00. and got my money's worth.Wait, this movie was supposed to be a serious romance?
0 ||| I recognize that lots of people think this book is wonderful. However, as an extremely well-read English major, I think Marquez must be laughing. Without repeating the comments of the other one-star reviewers, I'll just say that I was more than underwhelmed. It's nonsenical, and (am I the only one who noticed?) misogynistic.
1 ||| I have been practicing Yoga for many years. One gal that practices with me loves this mat. Because I needed a new one I inquired and bought one. IT WAS A HUGE MISTAKE...$75!!! Doing a headstand and shoulder stand on this thick mat is like doing these on a bed mattress. My neck is now so messed up I will be lucky to be able to ever do these poses again... My chiropractor is needed weekly and I still need a new mat. Don't buy this product for an advanced Yoga practice!!!!
3 ||| One of the greatest romantic comedies ever! DVD looks good...just no xtra features whatsoever..
0 ||| I have bought several cheaper pads and have been disappointed. They usually shrink in the wash and rip as I try to put them on our mattress. This one is perfect. I have washed it several times, and it has not shrunk significantly. It fits our bed perfectly, and every time I climb into bed, I am reminded of the beds in some of the luxuriously soft beds in some of the hotels and inns we've stayed in. I couldn't be a more satisfied customer!
0 ||| I am a big Adam Sandler fan but, this wasn't a favorite of mine. Watched the whole movie and then I wondered why. I understand what was being protrayed...it was just a long and boring way to do it. Was very sorry I bought this movie. Big waste of $15.00. Have loaned it out to other and they have all had the same reaction to this movie. Good luck if you buy it.
4 ||| One of my all-time favorites.I would love to see this,as well as Funny Lady on blu-ray.I can't wait! Hopefully it will be soon!
2 ||| This is being used with Directv to download movies. (You need a high-speed internet connection). I read reviews on this product, and there are many all over the net. Many have had problems getting the thing to work, and I was one of them. It took a few hours, and to tell the truth I cant say for sure how I finally got it working. However, once connected, it works great. You can download movies, directv shows, etc, at a good speed. You can even watch tv while downloading movies with the right directv equipment.
1 ||| NEVER even got my order now they are telling me it is no longer available yeah season 9 of smallville dont think I will be ordering from amazon again!!!!
1 ||| Got this for a road trip from San Diego to LA to charge up my cellphone. It worked great at the beginning.After one hour into driving, my cellphone started making noise indicating the power was connected/disconnected. Unplugging and replugging the charger made the symptom went away for just a brief moment. It seems like the power went on and off repeatedly. I am not sure if this was caused by the inverter or the cellphone charger, but I've never had any problem when the charger was connected to the wall directly.As noted in other reviews, the power indicator is not bright enough to tell if the unit is on. This is especially true when driving under the hot sun. And it gets really hot when operating.
4 ||| If you are a He-Man fan then you will love the X-Mas special. This is one of the best He-Man's yet!
0 ||| It's an ok book I thought the shipping charges were way too high, for such a small item. I don't think any one would need this book, even for a first time user as myself. The intructions included in my cooker that I ordered were enough. I would not recommend it at all.Pressure Cookers for Dummies
0 ||| This book may have a good plot line, but by chapter three I began dreading picking this book up to read each night. I picked this book up because I am an imense Harry Potter and Artemis Fowl fan. I was very disapointed.The subject (and typically the first word) of every sentance in this book is a proper noun. Trying to keep track of the he, she, they and its quickly became annoying. Also, the author can't mention any inatomate object without giving you several long metaphores or symolies to describe it.This book reads as though it was writin by someone who has never heard of any literay devices other than symolies and metaphores and believes writing a good story means cramming as many of them into it as humanly possible. Sometimes less is more.
0 ||| I was really looking forward to getting this, my favorite Chaplin movie, on DVD, but now I think have to get rid of it again, I'm afraid. The picture quality is nice enough for such an old film (hence the 2 stars), but unfortunately this is not the original version but the lame one Chaplin re-released. Here's what's wrong with it: Chaplin un-necessarily narrates the story, the ending is different, the titlecards are removed, or rather, it looks more like the picture was blown-up cropping the sides of the picture !. This is not the movie I love. Somebody apparently thought: "well, if Charlie himself changed it this must be the director's cut, therefore we'll release this version". How wrong they were. We want the superior, and longer, original silent version !. Chaplin fans rebel !.
3 ||| The most important thing I was looking for in a label was ease of use and this product is great. I am a heavy user and the features that are incorporated into this device are extremely useful. I particularly like how the cartridge ribbons are sold everywhere like Staples and Office Depot. Therefore I never have to worry about having to specially order them.
0 ||| If you actually buy this movie: be aware that an enormous amount of time will be wasted seeing gratuitous special effects. Five minutes to see William Shatner being beamed up, probably an hour's worth of shots of the Enterprise moving through V'Ger's cloud, and scenes (the wormhole one for example) added on just for the sake of special effects! Yes, there is a story here, but you'll probably fall asleep before you get there.
1 ||| The season broke with the formula and ended up suffering for it...but there are still some pretty good moments.Main complaint is the SHOCKING lack of special features on the DVD. NO COMMENTARIES = NOT WORTH IT. I'd only buy it if you need to catch up on the series, if you're a collector, or if you don't care about special features.
4 ||| Humphries concentrates on the history of Thompson's recording career. That involves him in a double reduction: life and work are largely reduced to career, and career is largely reduced to recording career. The result is woefully narrow; the book could have been called GENIUS AS MARGINALITY: PROBLEMS IN THE MARKETING OF RICHARD THOMPSON. To make matters worse, Humphries has a weak grasp of the difference between achievement and reception: the reader who wants to know which albums to buy will find that she is only told which ones have been well-received.(Clive Gregson: "I don't believe that Richard has ever really been that bothered about making records. It's not the real thing for him.")Yet there are interesting quotes here, both from the articulate Thompson and from his perceptive wives, friends, colleagues, and critics. Their voices made the book a pleasure to read.
4 ||| Its the best choice.I dont usually read books on my free time but i find this one to be very free flowing; both easy to read and comprehensive.In addition to the horticultural information you'd expect it has some insightful tips on keeping you and your garden both safe and discreat. I appreciate that. Thanks Jorge. Keep it green.
1 ||| I picked up my card on the very first day of the release. I removed my old drivers from my OS (delete the old files, not just uninstall it) and put in the V5 55oo. Well...I had a nVidia TNT2 Ultra card before and i hoped for some serious improvements. But i was wrong. The card gave me some improvement in games and the so called "fsaa" feature is nice, but overall i was very disappointed, because in high resolutions it is not fast enough on my PIII600 and the fsaa feature makes the picture very blurry. I brought my card back and own a nVidia Geforce GTS card now and i have to say that this was the right step to do. Please, dear customers, before you order that card, make sure that you like blurry pictures in games, make sure that your processor is fast enough (650mhz and above), otherwise you'll be very very sorry!
4 ||| Finally a male vocalist comes out with a pure pop album that just send me to heaven. There are a few weak songs that stops me from giving this 5 stars. But there are some gems here such as "When You Say You Love Me". Great album and wishing him more sucess.
4 ||| An ageless wonder with hours of extras. Just in time for Xmas. Thanks Amazon for great price, both for movie and shipping(free).
1 ||| This might be a good bit but it is so unbalanced that I was not able to use it in the cnc router due to heavy vibrations.
1 ||| I like the simple design of Noritake Colorwave dishes, but was unhappy with gray marks from metal tableware. I have discovered that the right dishwasher detergent takes care of this. I was using a phosphate-free powder, for ecological reasons, but it was not getting my dishes clean. Researching this, I learned that in the last year, phosphate-free dishwasher detergents have improved a lot, so this problem may go away by itself. Otherwise, try a different phosphate-free detergent; the tablets seem to work best.
4 ||| Yes, the chain was a little tangled when I got it, but I've been wearing it for weeks now and have found it to be very durable. The wishbone is very pretty and unique. It is as pretty as it is in the picture, perfectly shaped and shiny. I'm very pleased with this purchase. It was specially priced as a lightning deal before Christmas. I bought it to give as a gift, and after seeing it, kept it for myself!
4 ||| I tend to have a "love/hate" relationship with books that deal with open relationships or polyamory. So, I was pleasantly surprised with this book. It is less than 100 pages but it touches on all the relevant issues involved in this "lifestyle" choice. She doesn't rationalize the subject or try to sell it the way some authors do. She sets it all out in a very concise, straightforward manner that leaves it up to the reader to make his or her own decision regarding the strengths or weaknesses of open relationships.So, I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in learning more about open relationships. It gives a clear overview of the subject but doesn't bog him or her down with too much information.Dena
1 ||| We bought this guitar and aren't very pleased. It comes with a strap but there is no where to attach it, which defeats the purpose of having the strap included. The wood on the front of the guitar will damaged easily, so you have to be careful not to drop or step on it. I do like the fact that it comes with a bag for storing the guitar and accessories.
3 ||| This is a clearly exposed text on Statistical Mechanics, with a very modern approach. I find the problems particularly interesting (look for the Solution Manual of this title).
1 ||| A stunning transfer and extras package by Fox that shames the shoddy barebones treatment Warner has given the film franchise. This was clearly put together by people with great affection for the source material, and it was an absolute masterstroke to sign West and Ward up for a commentary track! Given the excellence of this disc, this film and its tv equivalent may finally get their due as the brilliant satire its creators intended.
4 ||| If you ever, and then I mean EVER in your life want to buy a record that celebrates music buy this album. I have listned to it most likely more than 500 times and it just gets better.
1 ||| I love ghouls. When I'm the storyteller, I make sure we have ghouls in our games and I love when players are willing to take on ghouls as characters. Why? They are an interesting combination of vampire and human, a mixture of emotions, and far more powerful that most storytellers and players would like to believe. This book gives you some insights into ghouls though I've seen other passages in other "world of darkness" books which should have been included here. I was expecting a read guide to all ghouls you see so that did disappoint me greatly. The pictures are probably some of the scariest in the series and in fact have turned off one really great player from being a ghoul -- very sad because he was so talented and he had such potential as this character. I think another ghoul book perhaps modeled on the "Children of the Night" book would be a great aid. Surely there are very powerful and very important ghouls in the world of darkness too.
2 ||| Why arnt there Bears or Whitesox or Bulls or even Blackhawk faceplates. They should make faceplates for every team and sport
4 ||| Not only does this entertain my four kids (ages 22 months to 6 1/2 years), it reviews old knowledge for the older ones and helps instill it for the little two. We mostly got it for our 3-year old, and were stunned when our little toddler proved herself able to say the sounds for all the letters on demand! Our kids now go around pretending to be letters. The 3-year old now knows the letter sounds and can blend words together for the first time ever--he'll be starting to read "Bob Books" in a few months! Part of the DVD's effectiveness comes from the way it manages to hit four of Gardner's multiple intelligences. As a public school teacher and as a homeschooling dad, I heartily recommend this program, as well as the first volume, "Letter Factory." I wish there were a volume 3!
3 ||| Big blue is the one and only movie that would be the best to view in the advanced digital video technology of today. But it is a shame that there are no versions of this movie even in VHS format. Please inform me if one day it would be possible for all of us to watch this movie in VHS
1 ||| Although technically well written, Lewis' argument stumbles from one questionable assumption to the next. The result is a sad parody of logical thought.For a Christian this book is a gift, it reinforces faith that already exists. For those on the edge of faith, Lewis might be the push they are searching for. Other than that, it is unlikely to have any lasting effect on the reader.
1 ||| This isn't the book, how can it be? Get over it already. I've read the book. As a long time SK fan, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Why are you making comparisons? SK hardly ever contributes much to a movie based on one of his novels. Why are you bashing him? I dare say by the time a movie adaptation of one his novels hits the big screen, he's sick of the story and written four of five more new ones. That being said, I went in with no expectations and enjoyed the movie. It is a small group of people's interpretation of what that story (those people, that place) might look like. If everything was meant to be taken verbatim then I imagine Stephen King would have done it himself. Do yourselves a favor; put your expectations in the trash. You'll probably have a lot more fun in life.
4 ||| My 10 year old dau. loves this game. She enjoys taking care of her "hamster" and bringing him to life. The item was priced appropriately, shipped, and well received by all.
4 ||| I purchased these for the man in my life. Compared to other similar items, these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility. They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing. I would recommend these to anyone!
4 ||| What's Christmas without snow, snow, SNOW! Plenty of that to be had in both Christmas classics: White Christmas and It's a wonderful life! The family tradition in my house since I was a young girl was the night we decorated the tree, watch White Christmas and have hot chocolate and cinnamon buttered toast. And who doesn't want to see an angel get it's wings and find "Zuzu's petals" over and over again. That's not a question. It's a fact. Now I'm 55 and my kids are grown and we still cry when the retired General comes in and all his platoon line up to sing "we'll follow the old man wherever he wants to go!" I know I will be until I'm 95!
3 ||| The steel fork works perfectly well for maneuvering around a big chunk of meat. Our roast cutting became much more elegant.
0 ||| This item was advertised to come with rechargeable batteries and a charger. Instead it came with a couple of copper tops. Regular batteries are good for two pictures, and then completely wiped out. Useless.
3 ||| The Red Limit is another of Timothy's Ferris excellent distilliations of astrophysics for public consumption. As usual, he is skilled not only in making science concepts comprehensible but bringing into vivid detail the *story* of science -- how we know what we know. It even includes the occasional philosophical discussion.So why the low rating? Because this book is twenty years old. I had assumed that the reprint would maybe have some updated material, but it doesn't. This is effectively a book on the State of Cosmology circa 1983.Don't waste your money on this. Ferris's own Whole Shebang is better written and more up to date. You might also check out Lonely Hearts of the Cosmos, which is a very similar book but far better and has been updatee for the most recent discoveries. Bill Bryson's Brief History of Nearly Everything only covers cosmology in basic detail, but is also far more up-to-date.
3 ||| I read this book last year for school, I thought it was really interesting. It had excitement, adventure, and more. I think that it is great summer reading, especially if you like those reality TV shows, because it somewhat reminds you of those.
2 ||| Rated R for Gore thats it. It is tottally bloody. Such as the Ice cream man putting a head on a cone. His origanal name is Greogry and he trys to follow the footsteps of the old icecream man and hes not about to give up. He's funny and he is also seen in my Dog Skip.
4 ||| The Carbon Monoxide Alarm met what I needed for my rental house. I like the idea of the plug in vs the battery only type. The Alarm has a battery back-up, which covers a power failure.The new law requires the CO Alarms for rentals and homes. Reasonable price too !
4 ||| Wonderful! Karen Cummings writes a book that tells you all thebasics of cat care and tailors it to the Birman breed. The excellentphotographs enable the reader to see what a Birman really looks like. The history of the Birman, (Sacred cat of Burma), it's mythic legend is beautifully illustrated in the artworks that appear on page three and seven; "Mandela Cat" and "Temple of the Sacred Cat". I am the artist of these artworks and I am very impressed with the excellent reproductions produced by the publisher. In addition, as a Birman breeder for over 15 years I can and do highly recommend this book.
4 ||| just received this item and let me tell you i'm fully satisfied with this product. walmart sells them for 30 bucks but i paid 1.67 for this. very happy right now!
4 ||| I was helped by Apb. Sheen's explication of Gospel passages and got a clearer sense of Who Christ Is by reading this book. It deserves re-reading throughout the year.
1 ||| Boooooo!!! The best part of this movie was (of course) the visual effects.. If only they could find actors who could act and not shoot everything that moved! I'd recommend the origional 'Mummy'---MUCH more thrilling...
1 ||| There are enough ipod charges and wall outlets that I have never been in desperate need for a quick charge. I don't like carrying an extra battery that will get thrown away when I could just bring my power cord that I can reuse as many times as I want for no extra cost.
3 ||| My husband has one of these every work day morning for breakfast. They are quick, easy, portable, and best of all, ready. It's so easy to order them from Amazon and have them delivered to the front door.
0 ||| I'm on my 4th attempt to get a playable copy of this product. The first three times I received my order, the main wide-screen, original theatrical version of the film had scratched areas on the surface that made the disc unplayable. I didn't even bother to check the rest of the disks. The abrasions have to be occurring either in the manufacturing or packing process, because all of the disks in the set arrive properly seated in their case. Buyer beware!
1 ||| I'm 5'11" 185 lbs, muscular build. It took effort to stuff my thighs and bits into these, leaving me uncomfortable throughout the day. Luckily I was able to find a friend these worked for.
3 ||| We bought this toy for my son when he was 9 months old. He loved pushing it around as a walker and absolutely loved playing with the balls and music. He is now 18 months old and still loves to ride his bike. It goes all over the house with him. I have found this toy to be very stable and unlike the other reviews have never had a problem with my child hurting himself on it. He even stands up on it now,even though we discourage him of this, and it has never caused an accident.
1 ||| The material has no correspondence with the Microsoft requirements. Some of the topics actually belong in the Administration exam. The rest of the material isn't exactly wrong, just highly inadequate. The questions are utterly childish, and will give anyone a real shock when they try to sit the real exam. The supervising editor Michael Lane feels compelled to trot out his certifications MCP, MCSD, MCSE etc... every 20 pages or so. Perhaps he should read a book or two about editing instead.
1 ||| Product name is misleading twice - it is not high precision because one has to get really close to the skin, even then and the hair will not be cut close to the skin. Trimming is difficult with it because hair is not captured in the nozzle and knife in a swift way as with previous tools I used.
4 ||| I just hooked my Ipod to the Audio PAL and let it GO...the sound is amazing. This radio is worth the price.
2 ||| The product came quite quickly but unfortunately I'm unable to watch it because it says it's from a different region.
1 ||| I bought this when it came out because of all the hype, I really hadn't heard them on the radio as yet. After one listen I was disappointed..........and two listens I was pissed........after 3 listens I wanted my money back. The lead singer has got one of the worst, off key voices I've ever heard. The instrumentation is far superior over the vocals. I don't get why this band is so popular but to each his own.
3 ||| I liked this book and will use it as a reference. Would definitely consider reading more books by Nancy Kress.
3 ||| Will Smith and Martin Lawrence still have chemistry and the direction of this movie is better, but this movie has more jokes then a story. the funniest scene in my view is when they check the dead bodies, shows Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and their comedic best, but a little more story and a longer movie could of been done.
4 ||| Be prepared for a nasty taste and slimy, slippery strips. But they really did work well. Don't believe the commercials that you can use these anytime, anywhere. Not unless you don't mind drooling on people in public. The strips slip all over when you try to talk or even swallow, and especially DON'T SNEEZE! But as for the whitening, I was pleasantly surprised. A lot better than I was expecting.
4 ||| I love these dresses on my bridesmaids! They really like them too. If you want the straps on them you have to sew them in. Not a huge deal but I thought they would have hooks to attach them to.
1 ||| The first part of this movie starts off great. It has a nice look and follows the plot in the book. Then in the middle of the movie it veers off into its own direction. The characters just don't make sense at that point.Perhaps the story would have been better told as a miniseries so the makers of the film wouldn't have had to cut corners.
3 ||| I really liked this book and felt it provided lots of information about the denominations...from the history to the basic beliefs..he even included the splinter churches that sprang from certain churches and explained why they split. The only thing I did not care for is the fact that he did not include a lot of denominations and sects that I would have enjoyed reading about. Since he writes a lot about christian cults I understand why he chose not to include some groups in the book though.
4 ||| This album was recommended to me by several Musiq fans. And after having it in my cd player for the last 3 days I have to admit that it is a great cd. However compared to his first album it is not his best work. The topics chosen were not as deep as on the first cd and all the guest singers on "Soulstar" were not necessary. Other than that I would recommend this cd along w/ his first. If you bought it you wouldnt be dissapointed.
3 ||| If you are a Too $hort fan like myself you will still like it. My favorite tracks are 5,7,8,and 12. Check it out Too $hort Fans, non-Too $hort fan.... well stick to albums 3-10.(Born to Mack thur Gettin it album 10)
3 ||| If you are a Stephanie Zimbalist fan, you probably would want to at least see this movie if not add it to your collection.While not as good as Remington Steele, it at least doesn't have a negative story line as some of her other films and does have some closeups and interesting shots of her.
0 ||| it doesn't matter if it's the original theatrical verison or the unrated it's still suck really??? yes really i very like the first one i can't say i didnt but this is 2 much!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0 ||| Picture yourself standing behind a pole watching a concert. You would have been better off that the view you get from this video. I can't believe the Bad Religion boys would put out junk like this. The audio and video quality is terrible, absolutely terrible.There are plenty of songs to see them perform live, but your only perspective is off the stage to the left with a tiny camera held in someones hand. Don't waste your money on this.
4 ||| My ex wife broke my first copy in 1976. She said it was an accident...? Anyway, went right out and bought another, wore it out, bought another and now have the CD also. One of my favorites to be sure. Oh yeah, Have Moicy 2 is in the embryonic stages. Yippee!
1 ||| It has nice basic information for someone new to weight training, but with titles like "toning and sculpting" its difficult to take seriously. No new information here - its no different from what I learned reading Muscle & Fitness Hers magazine. The pictures, especially the cover photo, are totally out of place. They feature models that look out of shape, either because they are far too thin with no muscle or because they appear flabby. Not very inspirational. I also agree with the others who wrote that the book appeared hastily put together. I felt like I could have written it.
0 ||| I've been searching for this movie for a long time. The story is very good, but the quality of the DVD was not. It consisted of 2 discs, and midway through the first one, the disc started sticking. We tried everything we could to make it play, but we were unsuccessful. Disc two worked fine, but if I had know it wasn't an American DVD, I would not have ordered it. I was glad it had subtitles, but the words are garbled. All in all, I was very disappointed with the product.
4 ||| This is a classic. A movie I've seen a few times over. To watch it in Blu-ray was icing on the cake. Amazon.com made the transition smooth in getting this movie from their place to mine. No complaints.....At all! Thanks again, Amazon!
4 ||| Beauty in the Beast is my favorite animated movie, but I think Pinocchio might be the best animated movie of all time. It's just perfect. Walt Disney's second animated feature lenth film after Snow White combines superb animation with a real soul of life. In a timeless story of a puppet coming of age, Pinocchio learns harsh lessons of temptation in a world of cruel characters, and eventually finds what's really most important. The richness of characters like Jiminy Cricket, Pinocchio's creator Gappetto, and a host of charismatic bad guys, just makes this film a special one.The DVD is a terrific restoration of picture and sound quality. It has a nice second disk of extra features, but the movie is what this is all about. A classic in every sense of the word.
3 ||| The book I ordered came quickly, and it was not expensive. However, the book was very old and musty smelling. BUT I didn't mind as it was such a good price! So far, I have had very good results in purchasing books via Amazon.com.Thanks,Jackie
4 ||| amazing album...worth more than it cost.my favorite songs from the album are "A Tongue To Taste" and "Two For Treatment"if you like them check out Kolya...granted kolya is amazing granted only one album but a must have.
1 ||| i cannot, with good conscience recommend this movie.please, look at it! it's awful!drew barrymore, in her sad "poison ivy" stage, is a wretched performer. there are pothole plothole's all over the place. and it's itchy to watch the scene with her real mother, jaid barrymore. were they attempting reconcilliation through a b-movie?oh! and the guy from adventures in babysitting, father of the bride & a few episodes of friends is in it, fumbling around too. where is that guy?there's a tough broad friend, a spooky house & at one point SPOILER: drew splits in half all oogy and walks around like some really skinny anatomy horror movie thingy.hey! now it sounds kind of good again.
0 ||| I was able to see this movie in Europe for free and let me just say it was terrible; big explosions, and big stunts are the only dosis you'll be getting, because as far as a good story or a bit of acting is concerned not a chance!...unless showing off your muscles every second can be call acting.Vin Diesel is one of the worst actors I've ever seen, I wish Hollywood would give a chance to real actors who are just waitingfor the opportunity.Please don't allow this to continue, bad movies must be stopped once and for all.Rent this movie if it makes you happy but don't be another victim, or worst yet another supporter of this movie.
0 ||| C'mon. I wanted to like this. I love primitive music, from the Sonics to the Ramones. But the Shaggs music is beyond primitive. It's garbage. And it's not of the "it's so bad, it's good" variety. It's so bad, it's terrible.
3 ||| I wasn't expecting much from this, but it's actually quite fun, providing a refreshingly hummable take on Bowie's biggest hits.
0 ||| This book is awful. Such a waste of money. Lee is extremely insecure and can't even have a normal conversation with anyone. For four years, all she does is sit in her room and do absolutely nothing other than think about and judge her classmates. She somehow forgets she's at a boarding school and needs to study and makes awful grades. She has a huge crush on the most popular guy in her grade and one night he magically appears in her room which starts a series of hook-ups. She basically lets him use her. Seriously, save your money and don't waste your time.
4 ||| So much fun, oh so catchy, and very funny...I love this album, there are some terrible tracks and terrible jokes, but overall it rocks pretty hard."I Hope You Die" is as catchy as punk-pop gets these days, and the lyrics are pretty clever I suppose (...)"The Inevitable Return of The Great White Dope" is fun to learn the words and rap along to."Three Point One Four" is a CLASSIC!"Mope" is great to listen to on crack."Yummy Down On This" a terrible song about oral sex. Oh dear.."The Ballad Of Chasey Lain" excellent, obviously single material."Right Turn Clyde" one of my favourites, has a sick beat, nice stoner rock."A Lap Dance Is So Much Better When The Stripper Is Crying" dont like this one...This is just stoner rock. Or 12-year-old rock. Or guys in their 30s finding it hilarious. It's great though, worth stealing.
2 ||| This is a great idea, but the ring doean't always stay flat on the cooking surface. So, the egg oozes out from underneath.
4 ||| When I read Maiden Voyage by Tania Aebi, I thought it was one of the best, well written accounts on the market...a truly amazing story. I was disappointed in this one however in that it lacked Tania's excellent and detailed story telling, and much of it was just a summary of accounts in her previous book.
3 ||| Bethune makes it clear that a company turnaround requires a lot more than closing facilitities and firing employees (Take that, Chainsaw Al!). It requires a comprehensive plan that includes getting your finances in order, treating your customers right but first treating your employees like valued partners, admitting your mistakes, communicating about everything, involving employees, customers and distributors (e.g., travel agents) in the change process and being willing to make hard choices. The book tells us how Continental did it and those of us who are frequent flyers notice the difference. The main criticism of the book is that it is repetitive, too full of homey stories and a just a bit self-congratulatory (although he is justifibly proud). Our business book club, composed of senior-level human resources professionals, liked the book.
4 ||| I loved this movie as a kid. Being able to watch all these old classic Disney movies is wonderful!! It lets me have able to relive my childhood all over again and have able to share it with my future children. "The Great Mouse Detective" rocks!!
4 ||| Very, very good! There was a twist I never saw coming, but the ending left me a little bit unsatisfied.I'll definitely check more of Teresa Medeiros' books out.
4 ||| Mr. Blumenthal's book, which is partially a first-hand account and partially a grand history of American politics from the inception of the Republic is absolutely wonderful reading. Many right-wing media outlets have tried to smear Mr. Blumenthal and his terrific book, but by doing so they only prove his point, that the Right and its media allies went much too far in their irrational quest to destroy Bill Clinton's presidency, and continue to trespass upon the bounds of objectivity, truth, and rationality. Inside this book you will find abosolutely riveting details about the desperation with which the Republicans worked to destroy the Clintons--details that the corporate media has never bothered to report. I thought I lived throught the 1990s as an informed, educated citizen, but after reading this book, I can say with certainty that I really knew nothing, for wool had been pulled over my eyes by the media.
0 ||| What you have here it the single most worst cd ever made.How someone thought it was a good idea to take Hank Sr.'s low-fi mono recordings, peel off his voice and put it in modern, digital stereo surrounding is beyond me.Imagine Hank Jr. singing a line, then a great guitar solo, then Hank III taking a vocal turn, then a guitar solo, then Hank Sr. coming in with vocals that seem to come off an lp that was found lying in the gravel somewhere at a flea market.It is beyond bad. Not a good idea, and nothing like "There's a Tear in My Beer."
4 ||| Home Alone is a classic story to be enjoyed by all ages. It is both slapstick and touching, to be watched each Christmas to make us belly laugh and to all be grateful for our families.
0 ||| The characters were terrible. There was no background on any of the characters and you found yourself wanting to know more about the characters. The acting is really sub par in true bmovie fashion. What really sank this movie is the absolutly atrocious dialogue and the fact that the Russian mob are just a bunch of pushover whiners. It is not believable at all that a "taxman" could have accomplished this anyway. The movie is laughable in some parts and incredibly boring for the rest. I'd skip this dreadful movie. I definately had to look at Joe Pantoliano in a much lower light from now on.
2 ||| As a Perl programmer I often need to look up a word or command to see how it is used. This reference makes it tough because it is organized by categories, instead of alphabetically. So if you're not sure what a command does - you'll look forever trying to find it. The book could also use a highlighted index along the side of the book like "Perl in a Nutshell" (This is the book you SHOULD get instead). They should expand the reference to include minor examples as well. Out of all the O'Reilly Perl books, this is the one I find myself going to the least - when it should be an indispensible reference...
0 ||| What a disappointment. I can't believe how cheaply made this book is. I am glad I got in on sell or I would have returned it. The caring case is a zip lock bag. The pages can be easily ripped off. The pages are not plain paper and you put a mental page behind the story page. I could have do this on my own with the cheaper and FULL version of this book. The Magnet letters are VERY tiny. It really wasn't even worth the sell price. I'm a home daycare provider and I really feel ripped off. Shame on the makers of this book. The are some wonderfully made Magnet learning books by Top That! Including Counting with Magnetic Numbers (Magnetic Play and Learn) I wish I got more of these books instead
1 ||| I bought this copy of Kenneth Grahame's wonderful classic because the illustrations were so lovely. When I read the book however, I realized that this book, albeit with beautiful illustrations, was heavily abridged. I am sorely disappointed by this, and feel it should be clearly marked in the labeling of the book.
4 ||| We have the new model and my baby loves it! It helps her to fall asleep at night. Now that she is a bit older, she can turning it on.
0 ||| I Spit on Your Grave, more like I spit on this movie. How anyone can like this movie is beyond me. I personally like violent movies, but movies of class and style, such as (Goodfellas, Halloween, and The Exorcist), but I Spit on Your Grave has neither, just a woman getting raped in the first half, and her revenge in the second half. Mabey the reason critics hate this film(HA-HA) so much is because it really does suck. Their really is no bacic story, and acting that deserves turkey awards for the entire cast. Come on people quit wasting your time on a movie that no one can even say (this is a horror movie, a suspence movie, or a drama) because honestly I don't even know myself. But I do know that this garbage should be banned from the public peroid...
4 ||| "Dream Big is both practical and inspiring. It brims with the kind of insight and authority that can only be gained through first-hand experience on the frontlines of entrepreneurial battle."
3 ||| This is a great refresher for individuals who suffer the effects of living in an alcoholic home.
0 ||| Michael Keaton amazing performace,Catwoman and the visual effects are the only things that saves this monvie from being the WORST movie ever made!Danny Devito(boy he should had got that Razzie)and Christopher Walken are horrible!The story is so awful that a 5 year old could do a better job.This movie sucks compared to the other three(Batman and Robin is SO much better)and is so overrated.Avoid at all costs!
1 ||| This album seems a bit scattered, with about half filler and half good material. I think this was done around the same time as Marianne Faithfull's BEFORE THE POISION, which was mostly written by PJ Harvey. She seems to have saved some of her best songs for that album rather than this one.
3 ||| This was an okay movie. I've never seen it and wanted to give it a shot. I had no problems ordering it and viewing it.
4 ||| I really enjoyed packing volume three with me on a recent vacation trip. Feynman amazes me with his clarity of thought, clear explanations, and wonderful sense of humor. Why should there be anything difficult about the fundamentals of nature? You really see how simple things are at the bottom, and only get clouded when working out the details. Feynman clearly separates the essence from the messy mathematical details of implementation. I love how he beats a horse to death in one dimension before generalizing! I'm sure that's how all great minds work. Few books on quantum mechanics are of such a high caliber. Volume three is a treasure!
3 ||| I figured out the murderer by mid book mainly because I know Nora Roberts style of having a surprise ending that could still make sense to the story and so it was easy to figure out. Still I read it through to be sure I was right. The romance didn't make me feel anything. The characters didn't seem to connect in a way that made me feel that they were honestly in love. The lead male was two dimensional and even the lead female was a little too cold at times but still had depth. The theme of sex and violence was a nice change for me. I enjoyed that it was a little different from all her books and more of a mystery. I wanted more of a closure at the ending, but it kind of ended abruptly. Also, there were times when the story dragged as Roberts tried to flesh out small characters. I could have done with out that but still it was interesting and a good book to read if there's nothing else to do.
4 ||| Item was Shipped fast and it was exactly what I expected and my son loved the socks thank you very much!
4 ||| this album, no lie, is top 3 of 2004. i wish more people knew about him and this cd. this would BLOW UP if it ever hit the radios. I promise u with every penny u spend on this CD, its worth it. there isn't one bad song on it. ITS BETTER THEN KANYE! haha. trust me, go get it.
4 ||| I don't care what anybody says!...In my opinion, as far as American action-movies with martial-arts are concerned, "The Art of War" is flat out THE BEST! Forget Van Damme, forget Seagal, Snipes fights well & he's a legitimate, competent actor to boot!This is an espionage, spy thriller with Snipes as a U.N. security agent. The plot centers around a conspiracy to thwart American-Chinese trade negotiations. There are double & triple crosses galore & this film has the feel of an updated film-noir classic, MTV style.If you like well-made martial-arts films as much as I do, "The Art of War" is for you!
4 ||| I ordered this book for a requirement for a class I was taking. I actually enjoyed the book very much! I would recommend this for anyone concerned with the planet or for just a good read!
4 ||| I liked the reviews for the Sennheiser PXC 300. It performs as discribed. I used it on a long flight of three hours and found some pressure on the ears, but not too uncomfortable. The extra module hanging down or clipped to my shirt did not bother me. The sound is great. There is no volume control with the earphones, so to control the volume one must use the player's volume control. The earphones will work with or without the noise cancelling turned on and the volume increases when the switch is turned on. I could still talk and hear normal talking, but it did cancel the annoying roar. The cord is long enough to use for the device to be off the the side, but an extension is needed to listen to the TV so that others are not disturbed. Overall I am pleased with the purchase.
4 ||| This book is absolutely awesome! It is full of heart-beating suspense throughout almost all the nine hundred pages. Two words describe it. ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING! Domingo Chavez is simply darn cool and the terrorists rock, especially Brightling. The plot was great. Don't screw it.
4 ||| This book is a great starters guide to owning and basic understanding of the history of Burmese cats. Useful basic information on care, feeding and breeding.
1 ||| I'm sure the product works fine, but shipping weight 3 pounds? I don't think so.
1 ||| I'm an avid reader of all Astrology books, but this book seemed to be missing something. It attempts to give you the best way to maximize from your Jupiter potential, and it missed the mark. I found myself coming away wanting more; more examples of how it works, why it works, and if its not working for you now what can you do to manifest it. To me it did none of that.
4 ||| If you brew beer, you MUST have this book! Everything you ever needed to start you out is in here. From beginners to pros, this book will help you.
3 ||| Well made and reliable instrument. I used it to measure the state of battery charge on my boat. I would prefer that it had a red, yellow, green indicator overlaid on the scale to make it easier to know the battery condition.
3 ||| Grew up watching these guys in the DC area. One of the best bar bands in the area. They add new life to such great classics as Can't Get Next to You, Little Sister and Heat Wave. Not to mention Stop Breaking Down and Memo From Turner. The music is raw and unrefined but than what would you expect for true rock and roll. This is a must for any Jim Thackery/Nighthawks fan.
4 ||| All my backpacks I've had since 2nd grade have been a Jansport backpack. I've never had any problems with any of my backpacks. When you first get the backpack the straps are a little stiff but they quickly form to your body. The backpacks are cute and durable. With all of the different kinds of backpacks it's great.
3 ||| Having read BNW a few times, I can't help feeling that it might have been a more successful short story. The opening chapters are gripping and introduce some amazing concepts - such as the Alphas and Epsilons, the decanting, etc - but after this the pace seems to stall somewhat. On as slightly different topic, if you liked BNW you might also enjoy Isaac Asimov's Robot series, which also explores the use of different social classes, but replaces all the 'slave' classes with robots.
2 ||| This thing was put out in Europe only by a record company that didn't own the rights to publish stuff off of all the albums. Pardon me for pointing out that the cover art was from the band's most embarrassing moment, and that you're missing out on anything from "Hail to England" or "Into Glory Ride"... which includes most of the bands's biggest and most epic songs.Sure these songs are all good, but this compilation is just a few songs you should have already on the proper albums with the proper artwork.Manowar NOW volume 1and the hits just keep rolling....
3 ||| I found this book very useful & concise. It gives you the most important issues in points rather than full text, which increases your efficiency with little effort! Its USMLE-case-type questions focus more on the treatment. I wish there could be more questions to give us more practice for the exam. It includes introduction to Anesthesiology, but unfortunately not Urology & Orthopedic surgery. In addition, it doesn't have many pictures or diagrams e.g. x-rays, diseases mechanisms.
1 ||| I was a little skeptical at first about using this device... do to it's incredibly small size. However I quickly fell in love with how easy it was to install on my windows xp machine and the excellent Netgear Smart Wizard that sits in my system tray, making it possible for anyone to quickly get connected to their network. Unfortunately my original skepticism quickly came back to confront me. After using the device for only a few days my connection dropped. I had to unplug the thing and reboot my computer before I was able to get back on my network. I've only had it for about 2 weeks and I've had to unplug it and restart my computer probably 15 times to get it to work again. I never used to have problems in the past with my other wireless usb adapters so I have a good feeling that it's due to this devise. I do notice that it gets very hot if you leave it in your computer for a long time, I'm no engineer but this might be somehow related to its poor performance.
0 ||| This book's patterns are seriously flawed. My attempt to follow the "outdoor snuggly" for a 0-3 month old baby resulted in a 32 inch waistline snuggly with legs that were too long and arms that were too short. In addition, the photos of the snuggly did not match the pattern's instructions. My cousin used the baby poncho pattern and had a myriad of similar problems. Do NOT buy this book!
4 ||| I've been a fan for 25 years. I had a ticket to his Roseland cocnert, but I wasn't motivated to make the 5 hour trip. Today I listened again to Outside. Bowie, when he's good is so very good! When he's mundane, as on Hours, its passe to the max.
1 ||| I have read Augusten's book which was witty despite it being somewhat 'shocking' the bunch of dysfunctional weirdo's in the mix.I watched the movie in agony. Excrutiating. All the humour was missing, although if they wanted to portray all the agony and discord, they did get it right x 100%There was one laugh out loud bit, rather amusing, the poetry reading by Neel.....The cover I saw had on it 'hilarious, amusing' It is anything but. Not for the light hearted.
4 ||| I bought this for my son 3 years ago when he was 1. He played HARD with it for 2 years and I stored it away for a year. I just pulled it out for my 1 year old daughter, washed it and it looks amazing.Thinking back on the abuse the tent and tunnel took and the amazaing shape it is in compelled me to write this review. There were periods of time it was left outside for weeks. It withstood many playdates. There is not so much as a tear in it. Hightly recommend!!
4 ||| This show. Brain explosions but not hurt-y kind. Enjoy so much with meat. You too! All of us. Yes. Makes me you not sleepy even though it could be late at night and drunk! Wow. That guy too. Serious. Thanks, Amazingdotcom
0 ||| Search the Web for "blade runner blu-ray disc return" and you'll find many people who got mislabeled duplicate discs. Amazon.com will help you out if you check the discs soon enough and find an issue, but if you wait too long Warner Brothers doesn't help. I have called multiple numbers that lead to message recorders. Nobody responds.Check your discs right away; Amazon is your only return option! If you have a bad disc and have waited too long, WB doesn't care.
0 ||| This book is a complete waste of money. It is basically a printout of the Platform SDK and MSDN documentation.
2 ||| Men first became men when evolution has carried them to a certain point. This was the point where the eye-hand-brain co-ordination was good enough so that tools could be made.when tools began to be made according to sets of lasting habits, we know that men had appeared. This happened less then a million years ago.
1 ||| Some helpful basic information, but overall, too general. No specifics on temperatures, humidity, what to feed at what age/size, what size/age to start breeding, etc.
2 ||| I,ve been waiting and hoping this would become available. A real LIVE club sound, this is the kind of music that was heard all over in "The Village" Coffee Houses & Bars.
1 ||| The grown up Brody sons (Dennis Quaid & John Putch) have a new shark adventure to contend with when a baby shark enters Sea World through a faulty gate and dies shortly after. The shark's mother soon follows her offspring into the park, and Sea World finds itself with a new (and unintended) attraction. Nothing really scary, and the loss of the 3-D effects on television don't help matters much. One saving grace is Lou Gossett Jr., who always watchable, but neither the story or the shark scenes hold much water.
1 ||| The much-hyped, long awaited continuation of the saga of Ayla and Jondalar is finally here, and what a non-event it has turned out to be. The characters have turned to cardboard, the plot is plodding and, judging from the repetition and belabored descriptions, Auel must have been paid by the word for this mammoth disappointment. Auel's meticulous research and knowledge of the paleolithic era are, as always, superb--but that's not enough to elevate this potboiler to the level of her previous works.Since nothing happened or was resolved in this volume, there's sure to be another. I only hope Ms. Auel doesn't make us wait another ten years, and that she is able to capture the magic of her earlier work, so sadly lacking in Shelters of Stone.
1 ||| I thought this was really cool at first. Used it about 10-15 times and it stopped working. Got it for $10 at Target. Wish I could take it back. I do like the light-up features, the soft stick that goes in your mouth, and the large read-out. If only it lasted longer. Could be the battery, but most of my batteries for any thermometer I've ever bought have lasted several years before needing to be changed...even after being really sick for months and having to take my temp several times daily ...so either way, that's a major inconvenience. I also felt like my other thermometer was more accurate...I would get several different readings with this one. It boasts 8 seconds and while it is WAY faster than my old thermometer, it's not 8 seconds.
4 ||| I appreciate Tom Brokaw's praise of his "greatest generation," but after about 100 pages I began to feel as if I was reading the exact same story over and over again. I found there were only so many ways Mr. Brokaw could make his point, and after a while the concluding paragraphs of each story began to sound the same. I agree with other readers who said that as the book goes on, Brokaw begins to sound more and more like a little boy in awe running out of original ways to articulate his point. I will say, however, that I am still glad I read Brokaw's novel because, repetative or not, it paints an informative and warm, if biased, picture of a generation that certainly will be remembered forever.
4 ||| The movie Gladiator swept me off of my feet from the beginning to the end. The action sequences were spectacular and magnificently arranged. Russel Crowe deserves an award or two for the unsuprisingly distinguished portrayal of Maximus. Joaquin Phoenix did a magnificent job on his part of an evil ruler of Rome. This movie is a MUST SEE!
4 ||| I loved the humor, and the Rat, err, Mouse King's antics, but what I couldn't stand was the religous stuff. It's not advertised on the front, and it's not mentioned in any of the reviews i read on this, or even in the preview trailer. It kind of bugs me to have this great christmas classic tarnished everytime Peabo Bryson decides to sing us a song. In every scene that accompanied his songs, it seemed like Marie and the gang were in church. I actually had to watch it again to make sure i wasn't imaging them. Now if I wanted VeggieTales, I'd buy it. Other than that, it's a goofy movie that keeps my kids plenty entertained.
4 ||| I really love Alice McDermott's writing and she didn't really disappoint me with 'That Night'. It seemed very real, very authentic. Some of it might have been a bit over the top and the ending was a little smooth but all in all I enjoyed it and recommend it. Read her others, like 'Charming Billy' and especially 'Child Of My Heart'. Better and best respectively.
0 ||| Planned a road trip just for the purpose of listening to this box set... just as I had done for the great 70s and 80s Rhino boxes. I cannot believe how bad this is - particularly how unrepresentative of the decade it is. PLEASE Rhino - try again.
3 ||| I have been a fan of Family Guy since the beginning and I have to say this is the best season since the debut season, and the first episode where Stewie uttered "The broccoli must die"! Seth MacFarland and the whole Family Guy family have not lost that formula that's made them so successful that it lead to a viewer campaign to bring it back on the air. My favorite installment of this recent volume is the episode titled "Stewie and Brian" the 150th episode it's one of the few episodes that have dealt with a serious topic of depression and suicide and not handled it with their trademark no holds bar comedy, sarcasm and just plan political incorrectness, and to me that shows that they have grown and gone to a place in the history of the Family Guy franchise that allows them the freedom and range to do almost anything.
4 ||| I just took Usmle Step 2 last month. The questions in this book are shorter than those of real USMLE Exam, but it contains a lot of high yield information. Make sure that you understand the answere at the end of each exam before you go to the next one.
4 ||| I thought this was a nice book. The main character is unlike most heroines. She is plain and simple, not very elegant or beautiful. It is fun to read about two characters, Jane Eyre, with her kind and charming but simple personality and the moody and mysterious Mr. Rochester. It can be a bit long with details but this book keeps you interested. I especially liked that Charlotte Bronte told you all about each character and how they grow and change or do not change. I thought this was a great story and is worth reading if you like love stories.
2 ||| I bought this binder to hold a 700+ page anatomy book that was published unbound, and it probably could have held at least two books that size. It's huge. The pockets, D-rings, and opening mechanism are all top quality.When measuring how much space you'll need for this binder in your bookshelf, backpack, etc., remember that the rings themselves are four inches, so the binder is even wider, close to five inches. The side of the binder with the rings will non-negotiably need that much room.
3 ||| JAWS 3 what can I say?well its ok.I don't know!I remember this movie being much better when I was 5.Now its not near as good.I don't know what happened with the Jaws series.I mean 1&2 were really good!this ones just kindof not a JAWS movie.The shark roars under water!I laugh everytime I see that part.Also the shark swims like 2 centimeters an hour!ok thats how sucky the mechanical shark is!But I would buy this movie anyway because its kindof good but still kindof sucky.
1 ||| This nyko jump pack sucks it will not work with nfl2k or nba2k. It works great in sonic. Just pick up the madcatz froce pack it much much better.
3 ||| I really wanted "The Little House on the Prarie" and carelessly ordered this instead. My mistake, but the "Little Town.." worked out ok.
4 ||| This DVD is incredibly effective. My children love to watch it. I was looking for something more fun than flashcards to teach letters and found it! Even my one year old shouts out the names of letters and sounds now.
4 ||| My kids loved this movie, and like to take it in the car for long rides. So we still get blu ray quality and a movie we can watch in different rooms other than the living room blu ray! For a reasonable price!
0 ||| I purchased a dewalt 18v combo pack( hammer drill ,circ saw , recip saw and flashlight) .My biggest complaint is with the batteries.Out of 5 batteries, only 1 still works. I just ordered 2 more because without batteries the tools are useless, so what do you do. I should throw the whole set in the trash and start over with a different brand, but that's a lot of $$$$.The recip saw variable speed doesn't work ,it runs only about half speed . The drill that came with the set burned up so I bought another one since I had the set and I do like the drill.With cordless tool sets you are sorta stuck with the brand you buy , unless you start over.
1 ||| this cover is rugged, but to the point where it holds water and when it rains you are constantly bailing out the pools of water. I do not like the elastic type pull cords that are used to tighten the cover to the sand box. It is hard to adjust it without changing the positions of each corner. I feel it should have been made with one pull cord that when pulled would tighten the cover all the way around and evenly.
1 ||| Having heard the author speak on the radio, her works praised highly by the host, I decided to start with the first of the Monk series. Unfortunately, I found the main character thoroughly unsympathetic and unlikable. The story was slow as molasses with bits and pieces of useless information thrown in to fatten the book. Also, I don't know the clinical features of amnesia, but it seemed that Monk's memory loss was selective and inconsistent. The ending was highly anti-climactic and the fate of the characters in question never revealed. I was very much looking forward to reading her books, but was sorely disappointed.
0 ||| From the first sentence painfully spelling out Emma's character, this book has many problems. The characterizations are awkward, the plot contrived, and the prose is so roughly handled it makes a reader queasy. Pride and Prejudice at least had a little humor in it, but "Emma" has no redeeming qualities. I don't recommend spending your time on this one.
4 ||| You could say "jejune". You could say "banal". I suppose you could even say "insipid". But despite that, I remain charmed by this film. It's a silly, little, romantic comedy that's been done many times before, yet it works again. I've watched it more than once which for me is a true test. I like to fall asleep with it playing, not because it's inherently dull; rather, because the feelings it provokes are soft, and warm, and pleasant. I can drift off knowing that all ends well; and really, sometimes that's all I need.
4 ||| I have been using the sensitive since my son was born. I love it but since baby dry and swaddler is cheaper, I figure I try them as well. I found that the baby dry seems to be smaller than the other two. my son is now 16lb but the baby dry is already very tight. The swaddler and sensitive are fitting just fine.
0 ||| There are only two movies that I have ever wanted to walk out on and demand my money back...Batman and Robin AND Dude Where's My Car. I rated this movie with one star, if I could assign negative numbers, I would. This movie is horrible, don't waste your time, it'll be an hour and a half of your life you will never get back!
4 ||| I bought this because my daughter loves to dance to music and of course likes to hit buttons. She loves this. She is 1 and I bought it for her for xmas and has had it for 2 months and plays with it everyday. I recommend this for any kit that likes music and likes to dance. She also surprisingly sat right on the seat. For a kid that does not walk yet she gets right up on it and starts rocking it back and forth.Oh and big plus is the volume switch! I have to say every toy should have this. The quiet volume is perfect for when you want to read and she is having fun but the noise is driving you crazy.
3 ||| Tamarind Woman is a beautiful story although the main plot has been done over and over in the past few years by a number of authors: relationship problems between mother and daughter. I think the author has overdone the use of foreign words (Indian words) and can easily push away certain readers. In one page alone, I counted six Indian words with no reference whatsoever to their meaning or origin. I love reading novels that take place in another country or are written by foreign authors being a foreigner myself but the use of words in Tamarind Woman was a little too much and can make the reader feel a bit lost in the journey.
4 ||| i know it's guilty pleasure, but i loved this movie. if you find anything on bradley gregg e-mail me! the last time i saw him was on the jenny jones show, but accident...she said he was a member of her staff. anyway, this movie is about teens outwitting adults, esp. teachers, and takes place in my hometown of detroit, mi. rah for the teens!
3 ||| Item was in good condition with a crease in the cover that was not noted in its description. Otherwise, the book was great.
0 ||| I don't understand why everyone likes this movie so much. There is nothing special about it. It is predictable, has a wooden plot, and runs like a standard TV episode of virtually any action TV show. There is no imagination, depth, or creativity in it. It's just a simple shallow drama. Nothing stands out from it. I have no idea what the rest here is seeing. It doesn't compare at all with any of the other Star Trek movies. Even Star Trek V is better than this.
1 ||| I really wanted to like this, but it's one of the worst-written fantasies I've ever read. Apparently little money is expended on editing at Luna Books. The writing is so awkward, repetitive and dull that much of it simply wastes space and insults the reader's intelligence. It's about what I'd expect a talented eighth-grader to write. There are multiple incomplete sentences on every page, the descriptions are lackluster and cliched and the dialogue is dull and staccato.It's so disappointing that this book wasn't edited adequately. If the author had been challenged to tighten the writing, it could have been turned into something readable, if not actually good. I'm astonished at the positive promotional comments on the jacket and wonder if the reviewers actually read the book.
3 ||| Had alot of fun with that game, but traded it it after about a year of it...but overall it was okay...
0 ||| I just received this disc, and was incredibly disappointed to see that it is NOT the entire show. In fact, it's not even close! I was at the concert, and was really looking forward to seeing it again. I think that the way this is being sold is somewhat misleading. There was more broadcast on CMT than there is on this disc! It's almost not worth the money....
0 ||| got this cd player and hooked it up and the thing could not read any disc very disappionted with it.!!!! sent it back for a refund.
3 ||| I didn't see it in theatres - just when it came out on blu-ray. The story is about what you would expect of a Transformers movie and of course lots of CGI. The main complaint I have is the girl that replaced Megan Fox. I'm not a fan of Megan Fox, but this new girl was just awful as an actor and the character was equally as bad. At least with Megan Fox's character and acting you could believe that she would thrive in those perilous situations (and without running around in super high heels and always bright white clothes the whole time.)Other than that one complaint, I would say the rest of it was on par with what you would expect from this type of summer blockbuster!
3 ||| I've only just begun reading this book, but have learned something on each and every page. I bought it at the suggestion of a colleague who attends seminars given by the authors. She raves about their knowledge and ability to easily give instructions on using software applications as they "write the manuals", and I can confirm that they "know their stuff."
0 ||| I purchased this Weems & Plath Endurance Collection 085 Comfortmeter in April, as a gift for my mother. I think I spent $99 for just this item, about $300 for the set. For this astounding price, I was expecting an heirloom-quality, European-manufactured, quality item. My mother called today to say that the clock wasn't working. After inspecting the clock, and finding out that it was made in China, I looked at the other pieces and found out that they too are made-in-China movements.
3 ||| STEPS 2ND SINGLE OFF"STEP ONE" IS "TRAGEDY" . THIS IS A GREAT SONG.I LOVE THE DANCE MOVES AND YOU HAVE TO PICK UP THE ALBUM.IT HAS GREAT SONGS LIKE "TRAGEDY","SAY YOU'LL BE MINE" AND "LOVE'S GOT A HOLD ON MY HEART".I LOVE STEPS THEY ROCK.
1 ||| Slagging the Pogues isn't something I like to do, but if you're going to be true to the bands you like, that means they have to take the criticism as well as the accolades. And the fact is, this album misses the mark by far.By any other band it might even be a 3- or 4-star affair, but not by the Pogues. Spider Stacy claimed that 'it's not timid... it's raucous when it has to be.' but this is hogwash. The songwriting is uninteresting, the conviction of the band (especially shane's vocals) is found wanting, and the album never really gels as a 'Pogues' release.Matt Johnson's subsequent TheThe releases following 'Infected' are similar, in that they're a total departure, and they might be saluted as an artistic (read: maturity) change, but they're less interesting as a result.If you find it used--cheap--you might want to pick it up, but otherwise forget about it. I'm sure the Pogues already have.
0 ||| My Tedium never Ceases, yet have I only Dredged thru half of this Tome. My eyes grow Tir'd and my Thoughts grow more hateful towards this Author. History is barely Reveal'd and the style has Vex'd me thru and thru. Hemp smoking Franklin? Confus'd and Stupid Astronomers? Half the book not spent in the country of interest? Yet I plod on, making a use of this Fantastique tale, to knaw away at the Minutes spent in the loo. Wouldst it be quite the thing, if only the Paper t'was softer, I can then make of it a Cleansing Agent for my Posterior once Finished with each page.
0 ||| I am a huge Durannie and always will be, but gone are the days when a band or record label can print a friggen number on a box of something we ALREADY OWN (on a dying format, no less) and re-re-resell it to me as a "Collectible".Screw you, EMI. You got my dollars for these albums on vinyl, cassette, and cd (I even have Rio on 8-track still!!!). Ya gets no more o' my dough.Missie
0 ||| With all respect to John's proficiency as a pianist, this album (and any other with his name anywhere near it) is, and will more than likely always be, absolutely inexcusable. It's like a sham that nobody's seen fit to reveal as such. Horrid. "Levon" is the single biggest offender, by the by.
4 ||| Ordered this book in preparation for my trip to San Francisco. Finally going to visit the haunts of the beat generation and this is the bible to get you there. Ended up leaving it in my room; before flying home. My loss. I'd buy it again.
1 ||| once upon a time, in the 90's, there was a country artist named shelby lynne. awesome voice. great tunes. sounded good on the the radio and some of it was even fun to dance to. OK, some tunes were a bit formulaic, maybe a little slick, but i was a fan and bought them all. suddenly, enter the "identity crisis". here comes the new & improved shelby lynne, bearing no likeness of the old one. guess what? the new album is a dud and i am in no way convinced by anything on it. change in pointless unless it is for the better. i listened to each song with disbelief - what happened to the shelby lynne we all loved?? maybe she was abducted by aliens - there's no way the old shelby would have ever released a stinker like this.
4 ||| The audio book was well read and easy to listen to. The story was good and my son and I enjoyed it a lot. I kept wanting to "listen" on so I could find out what was coming next. Good easy read - language was easy for kids to understand. I would recommend it.
0 ||| I purchased this out of convenience from amazon. I am a Prime member, so I get it within 2 days. The bottle opener is total junk. It's super thin and fails to grip bottle caps efficiently.
4 ||| Though most of the CD is filled with the good songs."Two Of Us." But on the bad side I'd say "Dig It" would be about the worst with "I dig a Pony" second behing DIG IT. Dig it seems a 50 second mesh of words creating nothing but a meaningless song. But overall it's a good album and I recommend that you buy it!
0 ||| Larry Williams is a snake-oil salesman, just like his buddies Jake Bernstein and Ken Roberts. He has made his millions selling garbage like this book, not from trading. REAL successful traders are too busy making money, and keeping their secrets to success...a secret!
0 ||| Please Do not buy this product.As this product i got it while back and i forgot to review.bt its not working.
2 ||| If you think a serious approach is inherent in a book like John Vigor's Things I Wish I'd Known Before I Started Sailing, think again: there's no orthodoxy to sailing, and plenty of truths to tell - and Vigor reveals them in 200 entries which blend humor with solid practical advice. From knowing what kind of documentation is needed to sail into foreign waters to renaming or repainting a boat, Things I Wish I'd Known Before I Started Sailing avoids many pitfalls.
3 ||| This guide takes the ancient practices of T'ai Chi and QiGong and fits them into the 20th/21st century life style. It's fun, it's practical and it's serious. Using it as a guide could improve your quality of life.
1 ||| When I originally saw this concert on TV as a teen - it concluded with a blistering encore of Jean Genie by Mick Ronson assisted by his idol Jeff Beck. It looked like a scene orchestrated by Vince McMahon of wrestling fame with each of the guitar slingers firing blazing riffs back and forth at each other. Did Bowie leave this off because of some kind of Beck-ola pay-ola? Did the amazing Ronson, like the lighters that bear his name, shine too brighty at the end of the concert? Only David knows for sure. There can be no conclusion to this show without that finale. Why reissue it yet still incomplete. Check your local boot-legger for this missing cherry. Deliberate omissions like this is why the fans deserve some kind legal swapping of discarded gems!
1 ||| I love Pinocchio. I was so excited to hear it was being released on DVD. Heck, I was happy just to hear any classic Disney animation was going to be finally released on DVD. However, what disappoints me is that this DVD seems to be thrown together without any extra effort put in it to make it special. The DVD version is not in widescreen (like the laserdisk versions are) and it is missing "the making of" that is found on the VHS version. Why are these things missing and why are we paying more for the DVD version without any of the extras practically found on all other DVDs?
1 ||| I loved the earlier SSX titles, and it seems that EA counted on that excellent series to sell this complete garbage to customers. Its like the original SSX developers left town or went on to other projects at EA. Whatever the reason, this latest SSX release shouldn't even be associated with the others by any measure.Nothing at all like the previous titles, unfortunately.Borrow it or buy used (with a return policy...you'll need it) and see what I mean. Wanna save time? Move along to another game.
1 ||| Technically this was an exercise in tautology, and albeit the author admits that they are events not presented chronologically/linerally, the whole thing came off as a repetitive scrapbook of free associative ramblings. Cultural allusions were off and revealed just a shallow dip into areas of interest; just deep enough to create a character for a sexual fantasy.Every D/s relationship defines it's own perimeters, but this is the most silly top from the bottom (with a side of kink) i've ever read. Any girl who needs to prover her worth and devotion by degrading any and all around her isn't creating a deeper bond of submission, but pathetically wallowing in a misplaced sense of value (with a heaping side of self-image issues).
0 ||| The DVD you will receive in the mail is not the one pictured. This has been my most disappointing Amazon purchase yet. The DVD itself looks as though it was made by a 16-year old in his basement with a laptop. Also, my copy was defective. When I reached the fifth chapter of the film, it just stops. Stay away from this version of the film.
3 ||| All the Gundam series is a very popular and very good anime, yet this set is really bad. I understand it's somewhat of a budget friendly edition, but it exceeds the limits. I read reviews of disc issues and thought they were unlucky guys, but it actually happens, 2 of mine froze on the first play! You can tell from the disc stickers and the menu formatting that this is a really low budget production. I don't mind this, but if you're into extras they're almost non-existant.The series is great and you get all the mecha fights and political battles, I would just highly consider looking for another version somewhere.
0 ||| I do not recommend it, I developed a bad break of acne in my body specially by the stomach and back, the second day of using.Still have the scars and they look like I got chicken pox, I totally regret buying this cleanser.After my acne break out, I looked over the internet for reviews and most of them were bad too. (like people developing hives and ezcema break outs.)
4 ||| I read this book in 1970 and was astounded. I was teaching a course in military history to an advanced military officer course. Everyone was very appreciative of Ropp's work and even 34 years later it sticks in my mind as seminal.
1 ||| I loved Six Feet Under ever since the first season. But what I don't understand is why the episodes I recorded on TiVo look better than the ones that come on this DVD...
0 ||| This is absolutely the worst video I have ever watched. It is so bad that you might want to get it to see how bad a great comedian like Tim Conway can be.
4 ||| I have several of this author's books.... it is all related... organizing, keeping minimal stuff, time management, etc. I have been working on being organized and time management improvement for the last 9 months and feel that I have about 3 months to go! The benefits are there! Get this book, it is worth the order and read. Also recommend her other books as well as Regina Leeds books.
0 ||| Don't be fooled by editors' words of "promising writer", "shows maturity", " a new talent discovered", etc., etc., etc. This book was written by a kid, using kid's words, and its a childish book, very simplistic. Looked to me like it was written for a "show and tell" homework, and a very long one at that. I do not wonder the movie was a disaster: the base was very flimsy and with no "meat" to fill out a coherent story. This is a kindergarten story...for toddlers.
4 ||| I bought one and it was so easy to use and quick to inflate, that I ended up buying one for a family member as well. The pump is build right into the mattress so you don't have to worry about misplacing the pump as with many other air mattresses. Inflates in just a few minutes and the pump is not as loud as other pumps I've had in the past.
3 ||| This is a darling little movie that I fear has been underappreciated. As others noted, it's not a Pixar film, and doesn't have the Pixar animation quality to it. It is, however, animated nicely and looked very nice on the big screen (where I had taken my family to watch it originally) and comes through beautifully on the Blu-ray format.The Blu-ray version of this movie comes loaded with tons of extras and really pays off nicely. It is well worth adding to any collection, but is a must for Disney collectors for sure. For some fans, this might be a 5 star movie, and in my case, it's at least a 4.5 but sadly the rating system doesn't support half stars and I can't quite put this movie into the rare air of a Disney-Pixar partnership such as Toy Story and the like.
3 ||| I expected a poignent character study of the way these people's lives were impacted by the affair between a 47 year old teacher and his 17 year old student. Amy Irving is magnificent as she battles between her pride and her genuine affection for Hopper's character. Hopper is astonishing in his dignified, quiet desperation and sudden hopeful passions. Gary Busey is also remarkable in a role which calls for more restraint and subtlety than he's been allowed before. But, while the acting was superb, there was something wrong with both the pacing and the plot. Too much time was spent on the affair and too little on the ramifications. I wonder if men would find this movie more to their taste than women: Siskel and Ebert gave it 2 thumbs up...
2 ||| From the sound of these reviews, the gun seems to work pretty good for homeowners & such. I've been a carpenter for 40 years. I've been using finish nailers for about 20 years. My last nail gun was a Duo-fast. I finally retired it recently, after 17+ years of service. Since the local lumber yard carries Bostich nails, I went with Bostich. I've had the gun 18 months & the piston rod has broken 3 times. Replacing it myself still cost me $35.00 a pop. Anybody who has trimmed a door or window or installed baseboard, knows it's immpossible not to hit a screw head or sheetrock nail once in a while. Well, everytime I hit one, the piston rod breaks. It breaks in the exact same spot. It appears to made of cast aluminum or something, instead of hardened or stainless steel. I like the gun & am thinking about getting somebody to manufacture a functional rod for me, since Bostich doesn't know how.
1 ||| I have both tap and modern jazz experience under my belt, and I still had a very hard time following this tape. He only demonstrates each move once and then puts it with very fast paced music. It takes alot (and I mean ALOT) of rewinding and repeating to get these steps. If you are really serious about learning this style of dance, and put in the time and effort, then this tape will probably be useful. If you're just curious, then this video has some great performances.
0 ||| This DVD is a bit misleading. I love learning about all the royal families around the world but of course like many royal watchers my favorites are the Windsors of Great Britain. This DVD has Prince William and Prince Harry on the cover but it actually talks more about an african royal family that I knew nothing about. I watched it for the educational value but it was a bit disappointing simply because I didnt get what i thought i was getting. It was just ok as far as I was concerned.
1 ||| Sure, this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an iPod. But with a low price, comes lower quality. Our special friends at Creative gave this thing good sound quality, great features, long battery life, and an unbeatable price. The catch is it's built like a piece of crap. It lasted about 1 1/2 weeks. I didn't abuse it, I charged it every day, but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out. I tried re-setting it, I tried just about every pair of headphones in my house (10 pairs), and nothing worked. So I contacted customer service at Creative, but they said, "If the product seems broken, we cannot help," or something to that effect. Wow. Don't get me wrong, the thing was like heaven for about a week. If you want a quality mp3 player, splurge on an ipod. If you really need to save, buy this thing on Amazon, they eventually gave me a full refund. I bought myself an RCA mp3-cd player, and I'm happy with that until a cheap, worthwhile mp3 player coomes out.
3 ||| This book did hold my interest, although her earlier books were more thrilling. Dr. Kay Scarpetta should have her own network televison show (like Quincy).
0 ||| A polemical diatribe that simply tries too hard. Considered purely as a novel, possibly in the thriller genre, it is poorly done. The characterisation is pathetic. Just cardboard. The dialog is utterly repetitive. The two secondary heroes are just sounding boards to the main character. Sherlock Holmes' Watson was hollow, but still light years ahead of these secondary characters.Then there is the plot itself. All too reminiscent of the Y2K scare. Remember that? Planes falling out of the sky. Pacemakers freezing up. Utility companies' generators stopping. Just like Ed Yourdon and others peddled Y2K in the late 90s, this book has the same feel. Hysteria combined with an opportunistic grab at the topical problem of terrorism.Purely as a $8 paperback novel, it is lacking. But as a $35 book?? Strewth.
4 ||| Awesome book to read with your family. Definitely get it you will LOVE the book. It is worth the money.
3 ||| There are some that swear by the Lensman series, others by the Skylark series, but personally, I go for the single books like Subspace Explorers.Unlike many of E.E. "Doc" Smith's books, this book actually has women as capable, thinking (and of course, loving) beings. It even contains references to sex! The story line is great, although of course fantastical, and altogether a rollicking read.
0 ||| This book has an incredibly slow start. I wasn't until about page 92 that the story actually got a bit interesting. This book made me remember why I don't read Stephen King. It was just out of despiration, and the fact that I didn't have another book with me that I actually continued to read it. If I hadn't spent $20 on it, I would have gotten rid of it.
4 ||| If you have, or are buying, a canon bjc-50, 80, or 85 protable printer (the bjc-85 is great), this is really a very neat extra that works wonderfully well. Let's say you're on the road and need a portable printer with you. Now suppose you get a document that you need to copy or fax, but no machines around. Well, just take out your ink cartridge and put in the IS-12, and scan away! Its that easy. The scans are great. Oh, they're not of the calibre of say the HP6300 or Epson 1200, but they're pretty good for a small, lightweight, portable machine to use in a pinch. The color scans (pictures, photos) are very good and the text is clear and very useable. It doesn't come with OCR, so if you want to edit documents - you'll need to buy a good OCR software (I like Omni Page Pro V.10, or Paperport). This is a very handy, very cool item that works just great and is easy to use!
1 ||| The book is about two guys going from field to field for jobs. George is a small man that protects Lennie. Lennie is a very big man with the mind of a child. The story takes place on a field in California. I disliked the book because to me it was stipid. George is always yelling at Lennie and telling him what to do. Then what George does to Lennie at the end is sad and mean. you would need to read the book yourself to make a decision on it.
3 ||| These gloves have everything: made from recycled materials, leather palms reinforced at stress points, velcro wrist strap so dirt doesn't get in--even a terry cloth thumb for wiping your brow. Since I've found them, I don't use anything else.
1 ||| The author of this book clearly needs to go back to 9th grade English. This book came highly recommended, but I was unable to get past the first chapter as I was continually distracted by punctuation errors. Commas appeared in the oddest places, and did not appear in the places where they should have been. And am I the only person left who remembers the semi-colon?I understand the author is "only seventeen". I assumed his editor would be older and better educated. Perhaps I was wrong in this assumption.
0 ||| I'm terribly disappointed with this router. It reboots whenever there is interference due to a cordless phone, causing all connected devices (including those using an ethernet cable) to lose their connections. It "forgets" about machines on the network, seemingly at random, so you have to unplug the router and plug it back in to get your network connection back. And the static DHCP that's supposed to be in the latest firmware doesn't seem to work at all. When I enabled it, it refused to give the static IP address to the machine I selected.
4 ||| Who couldnt enjoy such a book. Antonio's books are filled with humorous remarks and at the very same time it possesses very intriguing facts about all the places he visits. I highly recommend this book. Antonio has changed his life drastically just to fulfill his dream of being a writer and an adventurer and now he is sharing all of it with us on paper. BUY IT! READ IT! ENJOY IT!
4 ||| Wonderful album. Snatam's voice is amazing and touches me deep within my soul. She's obviously singing straight from the heart and anybody of any (or no) faith can experience the divinity in these tracks, even more so after reading the English translations. I have no idea what 'A music fan from NYC' is talking about. Those 'bhajis' are boring and put me to sleep! Big up my sister Snatam for taking our music to the next level and producing something which the masses and Sikh youth can appreciate.
1 ||| I have 2 of these headsets for a Sony Ericsson t637.I second other reviewers regarding poor range. The phone has to be in line of sight, within a few feet. If the phone is in mypant pocket, reception is marginal.Also: I am unable to use it to record my voice tags. I have read other reviews compalining about this.When I am voice dialing a phone book entry with multiple numbers,I do not get any audio feedback that the phone is waiting for meto say(e.g) "home" or "work" to select one of the numbers.I find it pratically unusable for voice dialing while driving.I guess for better voice tag matching, you would have to record your voice tags in the car, using the Jabra which seems to beout (see above).Oh by the way, the phone uses battery power at a much faster ratewhen connected to the headset, i.e enabling bluetooth increasespower consumption.
1 ||| Now, who do you know that didn't have this in their private stash of LPs? They didn't mind other albums gettin' mishandled by clubhanded party guests and Malt-o-Meal eating babies, but this one was always in the "don't nobody but me touch it" file....and for good reason, too. Like me, them audiophiles couldn't live normal life if anything disrupted that funky groovin' and mellow vibin' Ayers and crew presented on this mystic thang. The newest Ayers I purchased was "Naste" a few years ago....it was, kool, but can you imagine hip-hop in your vibe? That, to say the least, wuddn't fer me. That's why I love this ol' skool Ayers. You can put it on and you feel that...Uhmmm-huuuh.
0 ||| I've been image streaming since November of 2003. I recently took an I.Q. test and compared the results to an I.Q. test I took prior to starting. My I.Q. score indicates that my intelligence has not increased at all.To anyone interested in buying "The Einstein Factor", I warn you that it is a gimmick. I have been image streaming for 15 minutes a day for the last 7 months and have not felt any increase in my mental capabilities.Also, Win Wenger states that your I.Q. will increase by twenty points after a few months...This can't be true because of the fact that a jump in I.Q. from 140-160 is much higher than a jump from 100-120.
4 ||| This is a film version of a Philip Barry play, and like "The Philadelphia Story" (which he also wrote, and the film version of which also stars Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn) this movie has sparkling dialogue, memorable supporting characters, and occasional heavy-handed commentary. But it's very entertaining, and the leads and most of the supporting cast are great. Grant, in particular, manages to give a very effective and human performance in a role that could easily be a plot device, and Edward Everett Horton and Jean Dixon are a total hoot as the very unconventional friends of Grant.
0 ||| This is a complete waste of money. It is thin rubber, and it broke on me before I even used it once. The company I bought it from claims that it is non-returnable.
3 ||| I had read this book over 30 years ago as a teenager and thought it would be interesting to see how I reacted to it now. It's a fun and easy read, I'll admit that. But I can see why I liked it more as a 14-year-old; the book seems to have been written by a 14-year-old. And the "moral dilemmas" are of the kind you probably dealt with when you first learned what a "moral dilemma" is.And although the copy I read was a paperback from the early 1980's that was in its umpteenth printing, it had a surprising number of typos and major grammatical errors. I guess even back then no one took the book too seriously.
3 ||| If you lost your charger that came with the camera, this is exactly the same one. I looked for cheaper versions at Best Buy and other stores, but those chargers were all so much larger in size. This Cannon charger is so compact that it is easy to keep with the camera, and it seems to charge faster than the cheaper brands as well.
1 ||| I ordered the ear gels to go with my Jawbone Bluetooth headset. The problem that I see is that the ear gels are too bulky when combined with the Jawbone.
4 ||| Bet Me is the perfect lazy summer day at the beach read. It's top notch brain candy and if you prefer a book with more depth, you'll probably be disappointed. We all know how it's going to end, but it's one of those books that's impossible to put down. Go ahead and buy the book. I'll bet you you'll love Minerva, the lead character as much as I did.
0 ||| First, I want to say that I can't understand how intelligent people believe in the story within the pages of the book of mormon. I am from Mexico and I never heard anything about people coming from israel to south and central America. I read the book acouple of months ago and it is full of people killing each other , raping and canibalism. The great Nephi killed a drunk man to steal the drunk's property, because God told him to do it. Come on! WAKE UP!!! Use the logic! If you think that you have a brain, USE IT! I would sugest to every one that decides to read the book, to investigate after they read it. check online and also called the missionaries and ask them about your doubts and questions. Ask them about the CURSE of CAIN, ask them about the secret handshakes and tokens in the temple, ask them if they feel they better than you, invite them to your house and feed them with the truth and the real history of the church. Let's call them and start a deconvertion.
1 ||| I love Chritopher Hart's books but this one was just didn't cut it. It offered some interesting drawings and differences between anime and manhwa but REALLY, there are just some stylistic changes that any artist can do themselves. You don't need this book, really.
0 ||| As far as tango is concerned, this is NOT a movie to buy based on the word Tango in the title. As for the movie itself, we'll let's just say that it is not worth purchasing let alone the time wasted by watching this film. I am a fan of Argentine Tango, and this movie does not have any worthy tango scenes.
0 ||| We've been using these diapers a little over a year. I would say Pampers used to be the best diapers on the market but not now. The quality is dropping. They do not hold overnight and now, they very offten just tear apart. Very dissapointed as the price is going up when the quality is going down. Something is not right.
4 ||| So much of Hemingway's work paralleled his own life, this story is no different. Santiago the old man losing his ability to fish as he did in youth; Hemingway the aging writer without quite the literary prowess of his earlier years. Yet both of them are tied by the unpopular opinion that they have one 'big one' left in them. As the pages turn and the story unfolds, the reader discovers the poorly kept secret that they were both right. A lyrical story of poignance and import. An elegy for our greatest narrator. Well done.
1 ||| It seems Clancy is getting into his slump period, unless this book is written by his ghost writters. Clancy has written theose wonderful stories in his earlier books like "red storm rising", "cardinal of ...." and etc... This "Rainbow 6" makes Clancy fan ,like myself, wonder if this is the time to wander away from his new writings.This book is like a Elton John's "Blue Moves" album.Ater those series of shining brilliant works, this book was giving signals that the talent of the writter is finally start showing the sign of waning. My hunger and thirst to Clancuy's new books is drying up as well. Unlike before, unfortunatly, the time has come that grabing his new books without consideration could be a total dissapointment. I hope this is just a temporaly set back, and expect his come back with books with edges.
1 ||| The short code snippets are horrible. If the author wants to save money and space by using code snippets, it should be checked and checked again for accuracy. There are numerous errors in the code. For example, on page 80, there is an example of condition variable usage. However, there are no function prototypes! This is just one of numerous obvious ommissions. Trust me, there are non-obvious errors too. If you're looking for an overview, this will do you fine. However, if you're looking for some decent code examples to look at, I'd suggest Butenhof's book instead.Multi-threaded programming is difficult enough, why make it harder for yourself?
3 ||| Maybe the most influential moive of my life (I saw it when it came in in 1960 when I was 10) I have since viewed it numerous times. The best part of the movie is the wonderful set and the music. But after learning what one can learn of this fight, it is almost too sad to see this movie as a typical 1950's flick. Terrible screenplay which lessens the grit that we want to bestow on the heroic dfenders. The "Travis-Bowie" conflict is tense, but historically misses the fact: they argued over command, not strategy. As for the set itself, I have been there 3 times and it is worth the visit. In some ways it holds the sense of the defenders isolation; the real Alamo in San Antonio has been altered so much that it is hardly recognizable. As for the "truth" of the Alamo itself? One must look into their own soul and find the meaning there. Bravo to the Duke for trying.....I still love Arthur Hunnicut the best...AND Fess Parker......but let's see who will do it next, and what they can do.
0 ||| if you guys really want to hear the real qotsa i would much rather recommend you listen to "rated R" than either songs for the deaf or this one. i even liked them better when josh played in kyuss, but now they are just another washed up MTV band like all the rest!!
4 ||| Any serious student of Jazz needs to know about the Kansas City sound. The book reiterated what I already knew which is that KC was a major contribitor to bebop and to r&b due to the styles that came togteher from that part of the country. Generations of musicians were influenced by the Basie Band and Charlie Parker. You will also get an education of what life was like in the black community of a midwestern city. Kansas City, which happens to be one of my favorites among cities, had a parallel identity with the world of Negro Leagues baseball and both jazz and baseball are remembered through a museum which I plan to visit soon. I recommend the book to anyone unfamiliar with the subject and interested in jazz.
4 ||| This cd is sooo awsome. I love chris he is sooo totally hot! I just got a christmas cd and he is on it. With his song i so love, "wild christmas" This movie is going to rock. I am so there to see it. this cd is just like their other ones All Awsome. Please get this cd! Chris is the best singer in the whole world!!!
4 ||| My children loved this book and laughed histarically. The art is fantastic.The book arrived before it was due and was in great condition.
0 ||| I finished this in one day. It is that easy a read. Its got a virtually non-existant plot. The characters are also rather flat and unrealistic. It does try to have some humour here and there, but that's about it. It's not worth the time spent reading it, unless you happen to be doing a book report on something sucky. After I read this, I doubt I'll go watch the movie, even though the movie has a great cast. Overall, a disappointment.
3 ||| Despite its colorful vocabulary, The Blood Countess has no merit in terms of content. The author simply describes the perverted, without having a pertinent message. If you enjoy reading about disgusting fantasies, then, by all means, read this book. But, if you are seeking a book that is more historically focused, look elsewhere.
1 ||| The concept for this series is great, but it's done really badly, without going into details all the main characters are Jews who can do no wrong and everyone else is a belligerent fool, I was looking forward to a good military sci-fi and instead got what reads like political propaganda.
1 ||| There was nothing about memento that I likes. Well the acting by Pearce was very good but the plot was not that good. All I see is a psychotic guy who can't remember anything. He writed on himself...weird
1 ||| Elizabeth Berg is one of my favorite writers but this book seemed like a "B" movie script. Patty, the main character, wants a home, a husband and a baby. When given the opportunity to have all of these, she continually passes up the chance. The reader is never really clear WHY that is- the character's motivation is really weak. And why she is stuck on Ethan, her now gay, once boyfriend other than the fact that he's beautiful- who knows? Why wouldn't she want to move on? Too much dialogue, not enough character development, very sappy (did she have to throw in the Mother with Alzheimers? What was up with that?). Pass on this Berg. Try Pull of the Moon or some of her other books. Seems like she tried write a book quickly and missed the quality she captured in her other novels.
4 ||| Nothing like the remake - good clean fun with 3d glasses.Strange to see the guy from Adam-12 as a shifty lawyer.Funny to see the wicked witch from Wizard of Oz play the spooky housekeeper.Well written and I'm sure the special effects were good for their time.Sets are well made.My daughter loved it! - great scary movie for pre-teens.
0 ||| So far I have not been able to get this game to work properly. I understand that it's a used game,I have purchased used games from Amazon before so I was rather disappointed that this one isn't working.
3 ||| I loved the first one so I bought one for my daughter. Then my original hair styler quit working after only a few months' use. I hope I have better luck with the replacement.I have long, thick wavy hair so I will give the product the benefit of the doubt. It is very effective in taming friz and waves. Now I can dry my hair in only a few minutes. Love the features of this dryer.
4 ||| "During the Crisis" features three novellas by C.S. Forester. The first, best and the only incomplete novella is the first which occurs after "Hornblower and the Hotspur". The second occurs sometime after Mr. Midshipman and Lieutenant Hornblower. The third, I think (I have not completed the entire series yet) should be one of the last things read about HH. I don't know how Forester intended on introducing these three well written, but very chronologically disjointed pieces into the life of HH, but it would seem that his estate put together his remaining notes about HH and published it under the title "During the Crisis". My suggestion to anyone who is reading the Hornblower series for the first time is to pick this book up and read the sections after you have read the books in the order I have mentioned them. Reading this before I read Lieutenant Hornblower would have been enlightening.
4 ||| Orson Scott Card is my hero. How he can continue his Ender story to completely new worlds and not lose the reader is an amazing feat. I am moving on to the parallel stories of Ender's Shadow. I will be heart broken when that series is done. No really. I will be heart broken...
4 ||| There are two schools of fans when it comes to Lady Day :(1) fans who loved her voice when she was strong and brilliant, resounding with a fine vibratto before the drugs came into play and (2) the post-drug Holiday who still can swing and jazz the songs up fine and dandy, even singing songs that are heartbreaking to her. I belong to the second. Holiday has a brilliant touch in singing jazz, blues and, yes, even love songs. Her brilliance shines so strongly in this CD that you can feel every beat of her heart that saw rough times. I have never heard a better version of P.S. I Love You or I Thought About You. Aside from the wonderful interpretation brought by her, the CD quality sound of the songs brings her voice alive and well. Lady Day deserves to be heard by her fans, especially those who love to hear her swing or cry about this thing called love.
4 ||| Charles Freeman in the Greek Achievement (The Foundations of the Western World) will take the reader through 1,500 years of history that is fascinating, entertaining, and enlightening. The information will prove familiar for those who have studied this period but the author throws in opinions at many points to keep his version fresh. This book, though, is perfect for the beginner. It is more than a survey yet not at all bogged down with scholarly detritus. One of the most pleasant discoveries is that this book is not a form of idol worship posing as history (as the subtitle threatens) but a balanced account with examinations of how past historians have looked into the material and how new research changes the interpretations. An easy and satisfying read.
1 ||| This makes for a good late night HBO movie when you are bored. Not worth the money spent to own , nor the time spent watching it. IF it was 20 years ago I might have said it was a good movie , but nowadays its just too boring and obvious.
0 ||| These covers are simply awful. Karrin Allyson does not need to make a departure from what she knows and does best. From the tacky cover art to groaners like "Wild World", it's obvious that she and Concord Records need to regroup and get back to jazz. Into the used cd bin for this one. Looking forward to better things from one of my favorite JAZZ singers.
0 ||| I'm still looking for the perfect salad spinner. I had this one and broke it after trying to take the lid apart to try to clean under the lid--don't attempt that! I didn't like how this one had a domed lid so you couldn't stack stuff on top of it. I also found that the interior of the basket wasnt smooth but a bumpy basket weave so little bits of lettuce get stuck in it.
1 ||| I have been pleased with the regular pampers size 1, but I'm very disappointed with the Baby Dry Size 1. They are significantly smaller than the regular size 1 diapers and do not cover the back of my baby, so it's been one mess and clothing change after another.
3 ||| I read the book before seeing the movie, thankfully. The movie isn't that bad. It din't win any Oscars but it had a great cast and an intresting storyline, including a classic part where a giant butterfly eats a man's face. CBS-TV thought it was "A Chillingly Original Thriller!" but all in all, you should just see this if you're a horror movie fan or a Dean Koontz fan.
0 ||| Awful. Simply awful. In every possible way. I would give it no stars if I could.I'm so glad I picked this up from the library and didn't spend my hard-earned money on it.
0 ||| Got this as a gift with a bunch of other crap from the same company. This is the kind of product that makes you want to drink because you're having such a BAD time alcohol is the only cure. Seriously, this thing is so boring it will suck the life out of any party. People fixate on the stupid screen and don't talk to one another, they just wait for the slide to change. STUPID.
3 ||| This book was amazing The way the author made it sad and very exciting. The book made me want to read even more. But why were the adults the only ones to die instead of the kids. The book could've been better and more sad and exciting.
1 ||| If you want a deep story line that is completely believable this is NOT the movie for you. If you want to be entertained and dazzled by some great special effects then don't miss it. After working a high-stress filled day at the office, plop down on the couch and slide this into the VCR and enjoy! Some of the other reviewers state that not much character development exists from the first movie to this one, but I disagree. There is a tatoo that is significant (watch the movie to find out why), as well as some past life regressions that further expand on one character. The recreation of the Scorpion Kings realm was absolutely awesome!. Yes, the story line is a bit far-fetched, but wasn't starwars, ET, Lord of the Rings, and just about every other great film?
1 ||| I had the rare experience of giving up on a novel after only a couple of chapters when trying to read Edge of Danger recently, but Higgins managed to pen a book so lame that I refused to go any further. His bad guy is supposedly a Scottish-Arabian aristocrat but comes off as just another cartoon Arab terrorist with an implausible, pointless heritage. But, what do you expect from a middle-aged author who poses in bomber jacket and aviator glasses on the dust jacket.... depth?
1 ||| Why do you have a review from Publishers Weekly that uses the wrong name of the author? Seems someone is confused.
1 ||| I have loved family guy since it first came out in '99 but the last few years it has really gone sour for me. it doesnnt seem to be as much about humor as it is about shock value. How many times is a bunch of cussing and blood really funny? I felt like the stewie vs lois episodes went especially too far. Its all about seth mcfarlane pushing his political views and beliefs through the brian charachter. Also this whole stewie being gay hint hint is a little weird and so is the fact that brian has sex with women even more disturbing. i really dont seee it going more than a few years. they have run out of humor.
4 ||| Like most people, when I decided I wanted to read about Italy, I began with Under the Tuscan Sun. While a good book, it bugged me to a certain extent - perhaps because of the slight odor of elitism that was contained within the pages. Mate, on the other hand, invites his readers with him on a more intimate, personal journey. His wife is not reduced to some distant other person who happens to be with him, but is a partner. We get as much of an impression of their life together as we do their life in Italy. I enjoy this book immensely, and it gets reread quite often, especially when I'm feeling all too American.
4 ||| I bought this DVD just to look at and get ideas for costume making - and this DVD is a great inspiration for that as it has a section set aside for costume making. Sarah's costumes are gorgeous - aaah those skirts - I want them! As I am sure you will too.The choreographies are ok, but I will change them a little to suit my own style, I like the music Sarah used. And as a drummer (Drummer/Dancer) I found myself watching and listening to the drummers instead of watching Sarah dance. I may have to go back later and watch Sarah (sorry Sarah) ha ha. But I found it useful as i was able to play along with the drummers.But all in all - I would recommend this DVD for those of you who are as mad on dancing and drumming as I am. And it is reasonably priced.
3 ||| If you need a book to start everyday usage of the UML - this is a wrong book (almost no examples). If you are looking for a reference book - it is not the case, with the exception of OCL chapter and to the some extent the language extensions chapter.If you are interested in a kind of theoretically-abstract view on the UML, if you are not afraid of heavy style - than buy it.To understand the content and especially the diagrams you ought to apply unusually great efforts - and may be that is in a special way rewarding.I personally after going through the book feel ready to descend from abstract pinnacles to the practical ground (to use some how-to-make-it work manual) and feel that the difficult journey was useful.
2 ||| The dividing pockets are a hindrance and could be replaced with a simpler setup which would fit the tools better.
1 ||| Caspian lacks the heart and charm of Lion, Witch, Wardrobe. It felt stale, confusing and similar to the first film, full of dazzling critters rushing head first into another battle to save some ancient kingdom or whatever. It had been almost twenty-five years since I'd read Caspian, so I didn't remember the story. I had a hard time understanding the time frame relative to LWW. I wonder how they're going to gloss over The Horse and His Boy, that one sucked.
4 ||| I really enjoyed this cookbook - it had a wide variety of recipes that were both time consuming and quick. I also liked the commentary about the Riggin along the sidebars.
4 ||| Without a doubt listening, enjoying and understanding the passion that Celine pours into each one of her songs is one of the great prizes of speaking French. There are no power-ballads and not so many high notes in this album as it is a more intimate and personal. I love it, this is the perfect mixture of pop, rock and country like rythms. I love it, from "Tout l'or des hommes", to "Le vol d'un ange", "Je lui dirai" to her superb performance of "Je t'aime encore", every song is unique and wonderful. Well produced, mixed and arranged, no wonder it was an instant hit in Quebec and France!
0 ||| i just finished reading this book. barely. only because i couldent stand to leave it unfinished. i skimmed much of the end of it (just to get through it!) found the ending unexiting and uneventfull. the "present" part of it was borring. more of a perverse tale that i wasent too interested in finishing. the book failed to meet my expectations. while the author has a way with words and such... the story was dull, dragged on, and never realy climaxed. maybe it did but i was too bored to catch it.
4 ||| I dont care what was wrong with this book. If I couldn't put it down then that says a lot! I read the other reviews where people were disappointed and all that, but it takes work and commitment to even write a paragraph let alone a book. Camika, don't let those other comments hinder you because I've yet to read their work. YOur book did have flaws but who's book doesn't? All I can say is the book grabbed my attention and I had to finish it no matter what. That's the definition of a good book. I don't like sappy endings either and yours allowed me to come up with my own conclusions. I'm sure Random House is helping you with everything else. I'm forever in your corner because you've done what most of us only dream about.
1 ||| CSI is just one fine TV series, though it can go from engrossing the viewer to grossing the viewer out with some of its all-too-ugly scenarios. Yeah, but it's realism, they say.Another 'but' and a big one: just about all the viewers l know - friends, neighbors, co-workers - complain about the same thing: in the show, why is Marg Helgenberger all too often referred to as 'beautiful' or 'gorgeous' or 'lovely' when she is simply an ordinary-looking, run-of-the-mill actress with tight, low-cut clothing? Really! She hardly stands up to any lovely woman, so the question is: is she married to the producer or the Studio Head to get such unwarranted acclaim?
1 ||| I liked the quietness of the film and the simple idea behind the premise of the sci-fi story. It's neat to know that Kiwis seem to have a sense of humor even if they were the last people on Earth and take things somewhat in stride. So this film is a little different and underdramatic but has a neat perspective.What I couldn't get over were the ghastley clothes from the 80s. Strange, I know. Three people are the le last o exist on the Earth and I worry about their attire.A film that's different and low key but well acted.
4 ||| My mother suggested this book and I've found it to be easy to understand and comforting to know their among us.
1 ||| Most of the time I was sleeping of bordem. Waiting for action, but the only ation I got was me drooling on my pillow.Sometimes there was ation but lasted for about a minute, thenanother 100 pages for a little more action.Wasn't pleased.
3 ||| The heavy metal/rock on a hip hop album is shameful. If this was in the early 90's they would be labeled CROSSOVERS. Also most of the skits are whack! But they do have NASTY turntable skill and I recommend underground mixes by their individual members such as Roc Raida, Mista Sinista and Rob Swift. Ive heard some really good ones. Still tho this CD is worth checkin out.
4 ||| If you're new to Caetano, buy this and Cores Nomes first. Every track is beautiful. The arrangements are simple withhout ever losing its lush sensuality. If I had to pick some favorite tracks, I'd say Oracao ao Tempo, Vampiro, Cajuina, and Trilhos Urbanos, which is now a Brazilian standard.
4 ||| Great music that reminds me of bluffing my way into Los Vegas lounges when I was under 21 just to hear Louie and Keely.
0 ||| Better illustrated than the previous two editions, but there are a remarkable number of errors in the picture captions pertaining to year and model descriptions. Anyone using this as a "last word" reference had better look elsewhere.
2 ||| it is a cinemaxs movie so t&a is a given just dont look for anything deep or good acting just t&a
0 ||| This is an extremely disappointing copy of 3 great original movies. Looks as if it was duplicated on poor dvd equipment from old, used VHS tapes. No wonder it's hard to find out who made this. I wouldn't want to take credit for it, either. Hard to enjoy in this poor format. My delivery took place in February, 2006.
0 ||| I got the black stockings in size A/B. They are way off too short. Almost 1" above my knees. I am 5'3" and 125 lbs. Make sure you order at least one size up.I am also disappointed with the customer service. Shipping took exactly 2 weeks. I do not think I would like to order another thing from Essential Apparel.
4 ||| I enjoyed the book when she wasn't cursing, dissing conservatives, and obsessing about hers and everybody esle's sex life. No wonder Hollywood came calling....though I'm glad she found her passion.
4 ||| This entire album is great! In particular, "The Chant of the Islands" is a breathtaking song. Its what paradise sounds like.Do yourself a favor and purchase this album.
0 ||| I bought this product as a last resort effort to help my girl with her crate and seperation anxiety. I did not see any change in her behavior and it has not helped my situation. I did have a foster dog for a weekend and she was very happy to go into the open crate and sleep. ( it had been sprayed with D.A.P. ) But I don't know if that had anything to do with the spray. I will continue to use the spray with the hopes that it will eventually help. I don't know if it does or doesn't work, it just didn't work for me. ( so far )
0 ||| I hate this book, though I understand why this book became so popular. We, humans, are not logical machines. I think anyone who have read any of Nietzsche's books would think this book childish and absurd.
1 ||| I purchased this toy for my daughter when she was 9 months old and she was afraid of it after she tried to hold on. It went so fast she immediatly let go and hadn't played with it for a long time. She is now 10 months and she started to play with it. She is more stable and can walk as fast as the walker can go. I think this toy is more for a 10 month old than a 9 month old.
1 ||| I paid a ridiculously small amount for this pair of shoes - under $20. With how little I paid for them, they are fine. I would not recommend then at full price. They are not worth $69. There is no discernible arch support, the soles are not padded, and the sides are not supportive.
0 ||| This book is not written with enough detail, to generalized missing a lot of breed specific info that I already knew. I was not happy with my purchase.
4 ||| I read this book when I was a kid and I still remember Pip and Estella. Amazing depiction of characters that stick with you and linger even after finishing.
4 ||| This was my first book of this subject, actually given me by a friend. CAbot's writing is super, and this book taught me a lot. It's informative, instructional, humorous, and very useful to me. Thumbs up ^
1 ||| I too saw this movie years, years ago. Loved it however, they're asking waaaaay too much. Too bad. No sale here. I gave it one star for the price. I give it 5 stars for the movie.
1 ||| This book is an all-around puppy manual for the beginner. There were few novel ideas and the majority of these ideas seemed "gimmicky" by Bash applying his own monikers to techniques. Graphic illustrations (drawings) were remarkably poor. An experienced dog owner may find more use in one of the other dozens of books on dog training.
4 ||| I have read all of her books and I think she is a fantastic writer. Ransom is by far one of her BEST books. No body else can compare to her!!
0 ||| Disappointing that the CD was obviously overwritten with the story. It was possible to hear some of the songs in the background. All the song titles are still showing - no chapters or book references. I was disappointed and feel a little cheated since it was supposed to be a brand new copy.
1 ||| I have a 12 year old that I religiouly used pampers brand diapers on, now that I have another baby I am surprise to find out that the quality has change for the worse. Simply put their quality is not what it used to be.
1 ||| I enjoyed the book, but I felt it was a mix of a lot of different parts that didn't really come to a larger whole. The people and facts were intesting, but the whole time I'm reading it, I kept thinking, "what does this have to do with the storyline?" I thought that some of the characters talked about would do at least something in the end, but I was left with very brief explanations as to why they were even in the book to begin with. For anyone wanting to read this book, find it at a half price store and don't pay full price for it!
4 ||| I recently discovered this collection, beautifully played and sung.With a terrific choice of tunes, if you don't know Bob Wills this is the best place to start...........
1 ||| This game's fun but you can only make one zoo, there is notenough space to make a zoo, hard controls, bad graphics, and you can only have fun for a little while!
1 ||| My only complaint (and it's a big one) is that the graphic of a cigarette is not painted white as indicated in the photo.
1 ||| I read this book years ago in hard copy. I recently purchased the kindle edition (I can change the text size) and was disappointed that there are numerous spelling errors in the kindle edition. These errors don't exist in the printed version. It appears the publisher is not making the due dilegence effort for ebooks to avoid stupid mistakes.
0 ||| Our experience is that people who are rather unsteady (wobbly), like my wife and I, may tend to trip over the base of this cane. For them a walker or rollator would be much safer. Also, the feet on this cane do not sit evenly on the floor, which doesn't inspire confidence, although it probably doesn't contribute to the tripping issue. We could not recommend this cane for wobblies, like us, and have had to give it a low rating.
0 ||| The book came promptly, but the condition was not "very good"as described. It also is paged differently from other Ulysses books used in my course. This makes it difficult to find sections that the class is discussing.
1 ||| I thought my 2-year-old daughter would love this toy when she got it for her birthday, since she loves anything that she can play with in the water. However, there really isn't much you can do with this; there are no moving parts, and only one way for the pieces to fit together. Another point against it is that you can't see the diver's face very well. This made her lose interest quickly. On top of everything, it leaks! My little girl still insists on having it in the bathtub with her (she has to have ALL her bath toys with her every time), so it slowly sinks to the bottom of the tub during every bath, and after every bath I empty the water out of the submarine. I haven't thrown it away because it was a gift, but I'm losing patience with this toy.
4 ||| "Brownie" was a true genius. Although he died in 1950 at age 25, he was one of the fathers of hard bop. He could play the fastest bebop tune with ease, he was also adept at the ballad, i.e., "You Go to My Head." He was also an accomplished composer, i.e. Daahoud" & Sandu.Brownie was taken from us muchy too early. No, he was not into the Parker influenced drug scene; he died in an auto accident.I guess my favorite tune he wrote was "Joy7 Spring" & he plays it on this album.If you're into jazz at all, get some of his albums. The ever present Max Roach was always with him, & on this one Sonny Rollins has a lot to say. The interplay between them is fascinating.
2 ||| I bought this for my son and I am sorry. He likes it, but found the buttons hard to press. Little Leap is also a bit too pushy - if you don't press buttons for a while it keeps egging you on to play which is very annoying for a child trying to think or struggling to push the buttons.Little Leap now sits with all the other not very much used stuffed animals.Buy it if you can afford to take the gamble - it seems that some kids like this toy.
2 ||| I bought read this out of my interest in the life of the 1960s South African journalist Nat Nakasa. It did help flesh out my sense of the legendary Drum Magazine of the 1950s, and it had a few things by and about Nakasa I haven't found readily available in the US, but some of the information it does have about him is incorrect, especially things to do with his last year of life in the US, leading up to his apparent suicide.
0 ||| I've absolutely loved this movie since I was a kid. Watched it so often that I wore out our first VHS copy and we had to buy a second one decades ago.I finally bought the DVD version, excited to at last see it in widescreen, but was shocked when I put it in the DVD player! They went through and censored out all the "curse words." It's not as if this was particularly filthy language, just a few stray instances of "damn" and "hell." These words are heard everyday, even on daytime television--not exactly something you are going to be able to shield anyone from anyway.Knowing the film nearly word for word after all these years, I was horrified that they would put out such a sanitized version. Sickened, really.I'm holding out in the hopes that they will re-release it with the proper, unedited version. Until then, don't waste your money on this version.
4 ||| I just ordered this fudge. It looked so good and seemed to be priced well I thought I would give it a try. I have looked at just about every store where we live and can not find any maple fudge. I am hoping this will taste as good as it looks. I will send another feedback after I have had my first bite. Can't wait.
4 ||| This new edition is sweet. Enhaced for great picture and sound so you can blast those wounderful songs to drown out your horrable singing voice as you sing along. And the special features and Burton's short movies are a must for the hard-core Burton fan... our any body. Tim Burton is a genius and i cant wait to see what he does next!
0 ||| After hearing he 12" with "Whats Happening" and "the Motto" I was sure this album would be great. But after listening to the album its clear that "whats happening" and "the motto" are the two best tracks on the album. The main problem with the album isn't meth's lyrics... it the production. It just sucks on most tracks.
3 ||| The best survey of "interesting and inspiring" websites period. I'm going to be giving it to friends who are desigers for their birthdays this year. It shows sites which are pushing technology, not being pushed by it. However, this book may make working at a large .com more difficult for a designer.Be warned.
0 ||| This is easily the poorest excuse for a textbook that I have ever had the misfortune of reading. The entire book reads as though a couple of first year grad students scrapped it together in the span of a week or two. The author picks the absolute simplest, most specific problems to use as examples, and skips most of the steps needed in the derivation. The homework problems are vague, don't give proper parameters, use different terms than those given in the reading, and sometimes the answer deck doesn't even have the right answer. If you are like me, and prefer to learn out of the book than pay close attention in lecture, then do not even bother with this book, find another one and photocopy the problems from a friend. Professors: do not torture your students with this book, its not worth the paper its printed on, much less the asking price.
0 ||| I was disappointed in this book. It becomes clear as you read it that it is written for an audience already familiar with the author's Project Adventure. Unfortunately this isn't made clear on the back cover or anywhere else. The first chapter advises telling the group about The Experiental Learning Curve, The Full Value Contract, and Challenge by Choice - but none of these are covered at all in this book - and worse still, the book doesn't even refer one to where one COULD find out about them, beyond a brief mention of another book ("Youth Leadership in Action") on the last page of the book. Also, if you have a basic knowledge of leading experiential learning, then you will not learn anything from the irritatingly chatty introductory chapters of this book. Buy this book based on the games only.
4 ||| This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. Russell Crowe gave an excellent performance and the fight scene were nothing short of spectacular. This is a definite must see for anybody, no matter what kind of film you like, it is just that good.
4 ||| I read this book when I was young and going through a Mark Twain phase. I enjoyed it. I re-read it when I was in the Peace Corps serving overseas, and I was struck by two things: First, Samuel Clemens understood the world in such an extraordinary way that, at times, he must have felt like a voice in the wilderness (yet, he was willing to share himself with the world). Second, if you are going to go live in someone else's world, you must realize neither you nor those around you will ever be the same...growth, change, challenge can be incredibly beneficial, but you will lose some part of yourself and take something away from others.I'll be reading this again throughout my life. I can only imagine what else I will learn.
4 ||| one thing that i noticed is that Aaliyah's music has always been mature, mature in the way of how the music sounds but not only the music but her lyrics. she is not like others that sing about stupid things, she has a unique stlye. this cd is not so much hip-hop but is more of a baild cd even though not all the tracks sound slow. this cd is a great cd to listen to while trying to get some pace and quite, this cd is great to listen to on a low volume. im not saying it's boring im saying it's a great sound to listen to but is not at such fast pase as you might think it would be.this cd has the coolest beat's,they will have you jammin,jammin to cool "slow" groves.
1 ||| I have been a devoted Anne Fan for as long as I can remember. I grew up watching the movies from the age of five or six, and I have read all of the books so many times that they are falling apart. So naturally when I heard that a third movie about my favorite literary character was coming out, I was so excited I could barely wait until it aired. What a disappointment that third installment turned out to be. While I was very happy that so many of the original cast were involved, I was upset by the extreme departure from the story line of L.M.Montgomery's books. The magical feeling of the first two movies was not present in the third. The spirit of Anne was gone. Plus, the time frame was completely off. In the books, Anne and Gilbert have sons fighting in World War I. Not at all consistent. The movie did have its good points. The acting was well done, and the scenery was lovely. But for such a long time fan of Anne, it was not what it should have been.
2 ||| I have a few HTPC cases, like the Realan E-I7 and E-I5 as well as theHabey EMC-800B. I use these cases for myself and for my clients. They all come with these tiny little bubble feet that aren't so great. I've started using these feet instead and they look great. They stick well to the aluminum chassis and lift the cases that much more off the desk that it improves airflow to any vents underneath. You can't beat the price either. It's such a small thing but it really improves the look -- giving the cases that much more of an A/V equipment look.If you like mini-ITX computer cases, be sure to check out the Realan E-I5 and E-I7 through a Google search.
1 ||| how do you install these things , am having a very difficult time putting themon my existing racks, and they came with NO sort of instructions whatever!!
0 ||| Most of the time you can't tell what you're looking at, everything is so dark and gritty. There are explosions all the time, but I'm not sure why, as nothing seems to get damaged. The Transformers are garbage. Once again, new ones are introduced with no particular reason why I should care, and the movie is quite cavalier about killing fan favorites. The plot is thin (and ridiculous) and has huge plot holes. Bad guys are bad, but the good guys aren't particularly good anymore, as there are a ton of casualties that nobody seems to care about.This movie evoked nothing but a hatred of Michael Bay.
0 ||| Under Western Eyes is a very boring book.and I would not recommend it for any ones reading enjoyment. It was advertised as a "Western" Novel but has nothingg to do with the US or the West. I didn't finish it as I couldn't stay awake long enough to read more than one page at a time.
2 ||| I got the large size at first, and once I realized that it was way too big. The material feels nice and durable. I don't think that I'll get any damage to this unless I do something excessive to it.
3 ||| An all star cast, I went to see this movie back in 1979 in 70mm. This movie has many one liners and of course the most famous is the ode to napalm " I love the smell of napalm in the morning "But my favorite " Do you want to fight or do want to surf?"And of course the music <Wagner> What a great use of!But the most interesting statement is "Every time I am in the jungle all I can think about is home, And when I am at home all I can think about is being back in the jungel <WOW!>And "charging a man for murder would be like handing out speeding tickets at the indy 500"This movie is very powerful way to describe war and the internal missions that are not talked about !This movie is based on the Joseph Conrad book "Heart of Darkness"This movie is more mental<slow> than most war pictures that use action to keep the pace.But not needed here , Sure there is action but not like "Midway"The Horror!Enjoy!
1 ||| Got to say the video quality was good for a old movie but however I was quite disappointed with the general story line.... a resonable cast but story line was too week ... nothing much but a crazy women going to war.......sad story not a blue ray worth keeping wont be watching it again ......a pity....
4 ||| My father always said that Belgian cooking is the best in the world. After a trip to Brussels, in which I was absolutely overwhelmed by the wonderful flavors of every meal I ate, I would have to agree with him. Belgian cuisine has its basis in medieval cooking, and favors such combinations as fruit with meat, and beer used to cook virtually anything. This cookbook is full of surprising and delicious food combinations, and these hearty recipes are wonderfully easy to make! Flemish Style Braised Endive is now one of my favorite things on earth to eat. Another big favorite in our household is Chicken with Grapes. The flavor combinations are fabulous.
1 ||| I thought this book had very little horror in it at all. Even in the 1800s, when Robert Louis Stevenson wrote it, I still don't see how it could be horrifying to people in those days. I thought this book did not have black and white answers to questions. I also thought this book was way to long with 54 pages. I think it could have been put into a 20-page book and still have the same content of a 54-page book. I think that this was also very boring. I mean the best part was when Dr. Lanyon wrote that Mr. Hyde came to his house, mixed up a potion, and he turned into Dr. Jekyll. That has very little excitement to it. When I was going to read this book I thought it was going to be very scary and that I would be on the edge of my seat. Well neither of those things happened. In fact I just wanted to get the book finished so I could start a more exciting book. Those are my feelings on the book The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
3 ||| this book really inspired me, it also opened up a very different side to me about slavery.
0 ||| This workout is a waste of time. I was excited when I saw all of the reviews before the dvd came out,nothing like what the postive reviews said. You barely break a sweat or get your heart rate up do to all of the pauses. The camera work is horrible. Very boring workout. I will no be buying the second video.
4 ||| Tom Selleck has never made a bad movie (In my opinion) this is no exception.Mark Harrmon (Gibbs on NCIS) plays a bad guy and he plays the part very well.I recommend this to everyone who enjoys happy ending movies.
1 ||| I am a teacher and have used this sharpener for over a year. It tries to sharpen the pencils but frequently breaks the tip off in the process. My students and I have frequently started with a new pencil and ended up with nothing more than a blunt, unusable nub. Very noisy and has stopped working at different times. I took it apart and repaired it but it never worked properly. Stay away from this one.
1 ||| When I got this game I was expecting some fast and furious gameplay. Thats all I got. The graphics are good, but the gameplay is horrible!!! For some one like me, who loves statistics and seeing how well your players are doing individually midway through the season, forget it. NO STATISTICS!!! You can't put players at different positions, and create players or have roster changes, because it simply won't let you have this simple option. Besides that it has dumb gimics like playing against a team of dolphins, why??? There is no point to playing the game since you can't see h ow well you team is doing individually or any of that stuff. It's just play play play, and it gets boring and redundant after a while. I recommend renting it first, thats what I did.
4 ||| I couldn't put this book down. His stories reminded me of my days in the Pacific and Persian Gulf only a few years ago. You will understand the patriotism that our veterans felt and their perspective toward the enemy. I have an understanding of what our veterans went through and also the war they fought. I think everyone would benefit from reading this book and I recommend it highly!
3 ||| While Pynchon's circular, postmodern storytelling techinques can be misleading and frustrating; the story emerges as a compelling condemnation of everything America stood for at the end of the second world war. After reading this novella, you will never be able to drive through a suburban strip mall again.
0 ||| I thought the movie was pretty bad itself with story line and I got grossed out with the bugs, but the picture quality is sure great to watch. Probably the best movie I saw in HD DVD and I own willy wonka, Last Samurai, Fast and the Furious, and Spactacus. The picture quality does not even match close to king kong. I give it three stars just because the movie itself was bad.
4 ||| its worth buying!!! it comes like new!!! its nice looking!!! its worth risking the very small chance of getting it in bad condition. If its not what you expect, remember it was practically free.
3 ||| I had high expectations for this movie and anticipated what I should expect with controversial storyline and the incredible cast. However, it saddens me that the movie lacked realism and honesty. Being a huge Madonna fan, I really was hoping for more, but her performance felt forced and lacked sincerity. I felt most of the performaces individually were outstanding, but with Madonna's "acting" the film just didn't work. I do encourage you to see it, explore it, and make your own opinions, but that is mine and I'm staying woth it.
4 ||| I just received this recipe book and have already identified a number of recipes for meals this week. The recipes contain ingredients that are easy to obtain in my somewhat rural area. I really like that the author provides the nutritional information for each recipe (including calories, fat, protein, carbs, fiber, cholesterol and sodium). Although I was looking for a low-carb vegetarian recipe book, I am also concerned with fat and cholesterol content and the recipes in this book also appear to be conscious of those as well. Lacto-ovo vegetarians could easily substitute regular cheese for soy cheese and add eggs to some of the recipes.
3 ||| I have only a few words to say- The Book was WAY better. The movie is based on fallacies that aren't present in the book. It's only saving grace are the adorable and strange characters of Fantastica
3 ||| We love our Keurig B70 Platinum..... We love the way we can have variety Etc. If we do not want a whole pot of coffee...perfect. If we or someone we have visiting wants variety...perfect.... We love it. The only thing we did not love was going to costco one week after purchasing it and finding it not only cheaper but it also had with it 60 K-cups and a my K-cup for your own brew....The only thing I could suggest to make this brewing system better would be its own water pitcher to fill the reservoir. I know it is removable, but kind of a pain in the rear... LOL.
2 ||| You could say it was a fabulous book because it demonstrated a point that humans are animals without society... yada yada yada. But a book should be more than that, it should be emotionally envolving. You should feel for the characters, but you just can't in Lord of the Flies. It's OK for illustrating a point, but not good enough to pass for a real novel.
0 ||| It was a good idea my son was scared to even try it though. Once he started playing with it then the top part of the mouth came off. I rarely find it in one piece. My 18 month old is the only one really interested in playing with it for the most part.
4 ||| "28 Day Later" is a great "End of the World"/Horror Film. The cast are for the most part unknows do a great part of bringing the terror of the "Rage" virus that has swept most of England, killed many and left a few of the uninfected fighting for survival. The director a great job! This movie should not be missed by any fan of either genres.
0 ||| This is a disgrace to the name Mortal Kombat. Its a near imposible side scrolling version where you fight dumb people and get pat things that fall on oyur head. This is a horrible game and is even wors for Nintendo 64,get it for PlayStation bcaukse the controlls are easy but the best thing to do is not get it at all.
0 ||| This is one of the hardest and boring books in life! It deals with strict men of Science, for instance, Dr. Hastie Lanyon. This book, like the Invisible Man, is a novel that has WAY too many details and should be strictly enforced not to be read. Who wants to read a book about science-fiction and not to mention the cuss words on every page? Who likes minor details around every corner. But, I must admit, there are fabulous descriptions of the characters and them themselves are quite interesting! But, this book is not good.
4 ||| If you like Evanescence, you will love Mother Earth. It is a wonderful album that can carry you away.
3 ||| Jack Nicholson does a brilliant job in this movie; great performance and acting overall. A good insight on how mental health was treated a 40-50 years ago.
0 ||| The plastic mounting device that secures the leather flip cover to the M5 is very poorly engineered. I purchased my M5 in January and this mounting device has already broken. I am seriously considering replacing it with some other protective device.
4 ||| What can I say? I have loved this book for the past 40 years. I grew up with The Hobbit. I had the little kid's book with the vinyl record and then moved on up to the real book and the VHS of the cartoon and then with Jackson's movies and now can't wait for the Hobbit to come out on Blu-Ray (I saw it in the theater 3 times). This is the best book I've ever read (other than the Bible of course). I have it in many forms but this one is on my kindle. Love it!
4 ||| This book is an all-time classic! Aspiring lexicographers take note: this is the benchmark for witty, thought provoking, satirical language analyses.
0 ||| An improvisation is wonderful, if, and this is a huge if, an improvement on the original is made. After listening to all 15 cuts I have to say that in every case the original is more enjoyable and satisfying to me to listen to. Can you really expect Montero to improve on Vivaldi? That really is too much. However if it is not as enjoyable as the Vivaldi, why would I spend money to listen to Montero? This revue is in no way a reflection on her pianistic abilities, but it sure is a gripe about butchering classic source material.My advice, and it seems to be unique among reviewers so far, is that if you like Vivaldi, listen to Vivaldi, not Montero seeking to change Vivaldi. Or Bach. Or Scarlatti. Or Pachebel...The original is stunning...the alterations to it are just misc. music.
3 ||| The album is good. Of course, it's nothing like a CD of new original music, but it's Marilyn Manson nonetheless. Some people claim that all of the "greats" are not there, however, this is not the MTV hits version! Go buy 'Last Tour on Earth' if you're looking for mainstream Manson. This album is a great addition to add to your collection! Pick it up NOW! If you're a TRUE Manson fan, you'll appreciate the CD. If you're not, then you should not be concerned with any of these ratings!
0 ||| I was shocked when my almost-4-year-old began playing this game! Mater the tow truck has to dodge machine gun bulllets from the car chasing him! This is completely inappropriate for young children! Exposing kids to gun violence in video games so early (or at all!) is part of a growing problem, especially in light of the recent school shootings. I was appalled that an educational toy would feature a game with machine gun violence. I had to take it away from my son and say goodbye to my $20.
2 ||| A sweeping epic film. I was impressed by the cinematography. I was fascinated by the psychological twists and questions the film raises. The battle scenes, I must say, are not for the fainthearted. This could have been a great film. What ruined it for me was the performance by Jovovich. I found it overdone and annoying. I was greatly disappointed.
3 ||| I thought the author did a good job depicting some believable but typical characters. It is a story or struggle and hope.
4 ||| This is a fantastic book! I am a teacher and graduate student, but I could never manage to read the Bible. The significance of the passages always escaped me, the Bible seemed overwhelming and confusing, and I couldn't fathom how people could read so much into a single line. This book is exactly what I have been needing. The authors pick out a huge variety of Bible readings, and then explain their significance and context in a way that's both profound and completely understandable. I am finally able to see "the big picture." It's also removing a source of guilt from my life - one of those things that you don't realize is such a thorn in your side until it's gone. I've wanted to read the Bible for so long, but previously it just never "clicked."
3 ||| An interesting way to relate our body and our physics to the environment.
0 ||| Let's make it clear from start : the movie is a pure masterpiece and will top rank in anyone vido collection. The point here is the DVD transfer which is a catastrophy. I am not a techno nut & am very tollerant when there is some quality problems here & there. But this DVD has to be a case on what can go wrong : the sound is scratchy at best, the colors are mostly saturated or are totally faded, the picture goes constantly out of focus, ... Things where so bad I checked my hardware with another DVD ! For the price this is a rip-off.
3 ||| I bought this book for my 3 year old granddaughter so I could read it to her. I have to agree with the other reviewer. It is too wordy to keep the childrens attention spans. Other than that, it has a good moral and my granddaughter does now think twice about her manners. So all in all it was an ok book
2 ||| I was looking for something a bit more adept -- this is "investing for dummies" -- which has its place, but the title makes it look like it has some new ideas when, in fact, it's mostly advice you've read on thestreet.com and elsewhere, in one book. Valuable to a novice, a nice but unnecessary compendium for more experienced investors. While this book wasn't what I was looking for, I also think the rips on Cramer and thestreet.com are unwarranted and childish and the reviews based on those criticisms are off the mark.
4 ||| Excellent reading! This was my introduction to George MacDonald's books. Not a soppy romance as today's authors tend to write, but even one that men would enjoy reading for leisure! As I am a GREAT fan of C.S.Lewis' and Tolkien's writings, I was fascinated to find that both these author's drew a lot of their inspiration from MacDonald's writings. I have since read "The Princess & the Goblin", "The Princess & Curdie", "The Golden Key", and "The Light Princess". My husband is currently reading Phantastes and we have also bought Lilith, still to be read. I look forward to getting "The Marquis' Secret" if I can, as I really would like to follow the full story!!
4 ||| The second season is excellent. It builds on the plot from the first season. I watched the second season in two days I could not turn it off. I highly recommend this series.....and season three is even better.
4 ||| One of Holland's prime exponents on the symphonic scene of the 70's. This albums has some gorgeous mellotron parts, especially heard on the long, fantastic title track. The first track, "Carnival of the animals" is a playful tune with ...great voice. "Ebbtide" is another catchy track with melodious hooks. The atmospheric "Storm and thunder" with its dramatic musical contrasts is another great track. But the titel track is the jewel in the crown here. Existing of smaller musical parts, creating a bigger whole. And that heavenly mellotron really shines on this recording.
4 ||| A great book that can be picked up and read for 10 minutes, 1/2 hr, or more depending on the amount of time available. Pick the chapter from the Contents and go. I like the TIPS and the Web Links. Working more efficiently in this wired world is what its all about and this book gives you a lot of Great Ideas. The communication chapter was the best part of the book.
3 ||| 4 stars for value. Both Conan movies for $10. What else is there to say.Don't expect to find Red Sonja here. That's not a Conan movie.... technically.
4 ||| Isaac Bashevis Singer was no doubt one of the greatest short story writers - ever! The various collections in the end also earned him a very well deserved Nobel Prize for literature in 1978. Several of his stories were first published in magazines like The New Yorker, Encounter and Playboy. The first collection I read was Passions and Other Stories, which immediately made me realise what a master Isaac Bashevis Singer was. Later I have read several of his novels and short stories, where especially the collections Gimpel the Fool, Short Friday and The Seance are at least as good as Passions. All a magnificent world of Isaac Bashevis Singer's saints and sinners. Sad, funny, ironic, poignant and seeming to come from Singer's pen without any efforts. This is what good short stories is all about!
2 ||| It's a very good audio cassette... The 100 ways are effective if you REALLY follow the instructions... but his voice... I couldn't believe it... thought my cassette player had a problem... You'd better buy the book !
1 ||| This movie is very slow and comes across as more preachy than inspirational, could not finish the first half of the movie.
4 ||| When I heard the song "Promiscuous" on the radio, I couldn't believe it was Nelly Furtado. As someone who owns and loves "Whoa, Nelly", I couln't imagine she will go in the direction she is right now. I am not surprised though, since I heard the excellent remix to "Get your freak on". I have to say I love this album. It's very upbeat; there are only three slow songs. If I didn't give it five stars, its because I really don't like "Glow", "Showtime" and "Do it". If you like dance music, buy this cd. "Maneater", "Afraid", "Te busque", "No hay igual", "Wait for you" and "All good things" are excellent songs. I specially love "All good things"; the chorus is extremely beautiful.
3 ||| Worthwhile CD, entertaining and sets the mood I was looking for when purchased. Glad to have added this one to my collection
2 ||| Can anyone tell me what shower head is the most powerful available, because I do notcare about water usage and saving water, blah blah blah, but I want a damn powerfulblast of water.I read these so called great reviews and then there is always someone who says it isa cheap piece of crap with low pressure. Every review on here. I spent hours readingthem and still cannot find a shower head that is powerful with good reviews.thank you
4 ||| As I said in my previous reviews, this album is not different. Meirelles chose again the best of the Brazilian folklore. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
3 ||| One can only view this with sensual pleasure. There are muscular young bodies to give joy to the eye and verbal jokes a plenty. What's not to like? The ending scenes are not only a laugh riot but a warning to those who would try to fit all in a single mold.
2 ||| This product worked well enough on a recent project that the customer was quite satisfied with the result. On the flip side, since this item will only apply pre-glued, hot melt adhesive product, I'm finding the usefulness limited to white, black or unfinished birch edgeband. If there were more variations of edgeband compatible with this machine, would definitely rate 4 stars, possibly 5 stars. Since I can't seem to find anything other pre-glued edgeband, I find it's use limited.
0 ||| Yes, it's dumb, but no, it's not funny.And I love lowbrow humor. Like Dumb & Dumber...I laughed my hiney off and I'm no Carey fan. I rented this movie fully expecting something very stupid, and very funny.Well...it's very stupid, I gotta give it that... Only problem is that it never really got very funny. It looked funny from the commercials, but the problem is that those scenes were the ONLY funny parts of the movie. If you saw any commercials or reviews, don't bother renting or (heaven forbid!) buying the movie. You already saw the good parts.I just wanted to poke both of these idiots in the eye after about a half hour. I watched the whole dang movie waiting for it to "get funny"...and it never did. No matter how much I smoked, it just didn't ever get funny. And I usually like watching idiots blunder around!Just do yourself a favor and at least rent it before you buy...this isn't a good flick to buy on the assumption it's gonna be good.
4 ||| I liked the Giver because it was exciting. I liked the adventorous things Jonas did in the book. I thought that Jonas being selected as the Receiver of Memory was cool because he is the only child in the community who is special. I was scared at times when Jonas was feeling pain from the memories. I wish that Jonas would have set out to look for the other communities a little more. i hope that there is a sequal to The Giver. I recommend this book to anyone.
0 ||| This is just not acceptable from Amazon. Why are the DVD's I just bought all looked like they've been used?? I bought 300 for DVD and it has a bunch of fingerprints on it. This one has smears like if it was washed by a dish washer. I bought this brand new (Suppose) I guess not! There's no mention in the description that this is a refurblished product. Just NOT ACCEPTABLE! DO NOT BUY DVD'S from Amazon.
2 ||| Version: U.S.A / Paramount / Region FreeMPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / AACS / High Profile 4.1Aspect ratio: 2.35:1Running time: 2:11:05Movie size: 39,700,334,592 bytes (39,70 GB)Disc size: 44,270,460,575 bytes (44,27 GB)Total bit rate: 40.38 MbpsAverage video bit rate: 31.94 MbpsDolby TrueHD Audio English 3485 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 3485 kbps / 24-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)Dolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbpsDolby Digital Audio Spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbpsSubtitles: English, English SDH, French, Spanish, PortugueseNumber of chapters: 20
1 ||| The first Grisham I read was The Partner. I loved it and proceeded to plow through every one of his books. In the last five to six years, save The Brethren, his books have become nothing more than essays that go nowhere. After now having read The Broker and The Last Juror (both having only the thinest of plots- if they can be called plots) I can confidently say I would only buy another Grisham if all the book stores and publishers in the world burned down and someone was giving one away. You may think I'm being harsh, but I get the feeling Grisham's heart is no longer in it and he is only writing for his publisher and hip pocket now.
3 ||| It stopped whisteling....after only 1 week! It's a great design and the "stay cool" handle (although quite warm) enables me to lift it without a dish towel, but I am going to exchange it for another one.I love the deisgn so much I decided to give it another try.PS: That horn sounding whistle is a little annoying, but I guess an ordinary whistle isn't exactly pleasant either.
3 ||| Home Alone is a very good movie but the other two did not need to be done. It is basically the same but different people.
3 ||| I thought this was a great movie. Fine, so the story was average, but the fantastic effects and even better sound more than made up for it. I would recommend this film to anyone with a dolby digital setup, just sit back and feel the room shake!
0 ||| I have a PS-120A I bought about a year ago. I went to use it the other day and it said RECHARGE so I Recharged it. Immediately upon plugging it in it said CHARGED. So I left it in over night, unplugged it and pushed the status button, and it said "RECHARGE".I called Schumacher this morning, and after waiting 20 MINUTES on hold, was told that the battery was likely bad, and that the battery had only a 90 day warranty, and that if you don't charge the battery once a month every month it will discharge permanently and will become landfill like mine.CAREFULLY CONSIDER whether you want to purchase a Schumacher product. I asked if there was a trade in program, or if there is anything I can do, and they said "Buy a new battery or buy a new unit". Hardly what I would call stellar company support, and even though they charge a premium for their products, THEY DO NOT STAND BEHIND WHAT THEY MAKE!!!My next jump starter will NOT be a Schumacher.
3 ||| This book was a good review for the FrontPage exam #70-055, and I passed with decent marks. I would recommend going through all the options and configurations of creating a web site with another book such as FrontPage 98 Unleashed. You must know every possible option, menu item, property, etc. in FP98.
1 ||| This product was purchased as a gift, it was delivered in a plain cardboard box and the cleaning supplies was stuffed in the box with the sponge and cloths stuffed in between the bottles w/no information explaining the contents or use of the items,(If items were missing I do not know) and one of the bottles leaked inside the box. There was not enough time to return and get a replacement. I have purchased this product before and the product is not the problem, it is the way it was handled that made it an unpleasant experience.
0 ||| I had to force myself to finish this book. It was plotless, predictable, had lifeless characters, and frankly I wish I'd never bought it. There were way too many dumb references to "quaint" twentieth century things (ie, one character -- who was born in the thirtieth century, no less -- had to explain that there were no "Star Trek transporters." Plus there was a plethora of bad cliches being used, because, predictably, the female love interest was a historian who just happened to specialize in Poole's era). ARGH! It hurt my brain to read this book! Save yourself the bother -- if you absolutely have to read it, just check it out at the library. At least that way you don't have anything invested in it and you can put it down without feeling like you wasted your money.
1 ||| Joe Queenan's earlier book, "If you're talking to me. . ." was hilarious, and though his latest book contains the occasional good belly laugh, for the most part I found it disappointing. The main problem is that he spends too much time saying that things suck, but only infrequently delves into why. When he does, as in his summary of the book "Flowers in the Attic", he is a genius comic writer, but most of the time he just describes things as sucking, which gets a little old after awhile.
2 ||| Jonesy, Beaver, Henry, and Pete are four young friends who save a boy named Duddits,who had a syndrome. They helped Duddits from other boys in another words they were his protectors. From that day they found a special bond between them who immunes them with each other.Every year they go up to Maine for their annual hunting trip.While they were their they saw strange things happening, and witness, for the first time, creatures beyond their imagination. Soon they found out that they are taking part in alien invasion. Two friend died during the book Pete and Beaver. The other two friends Jonesy and Henry save the Earth from contaminated water supply with a disease called Byrus. In ending they found out that they saved the world by aliens from their friend "DreamCatcher," Duddits.
0 ||| This cable had all of the high end features one would want, braided cable, gold plated contacts, and so forth. And, well, the thing failed within a couple months. Now I replaced it with the cheapest piece of junk that Amazon carries and that lasted way longer, and it provided a better quality (or as good) picture.I would not spend my money on these overpriced, underperforming cables. Sorry.The items are only warrantied if they are purchased from a licensed dealer. Unless you are sure that this reseller is such a dealer, I wouldn't risk it. And I would save my receipt.
0 ||| I read the paltry installation instructions and did as they said. After 45 minutes I gave up trying to get water out of this supposedly wonderful piece of hardware. Half the time water leaked back up the plastic screw on "nut." At no time was I actually able to get a spray of water out of the head itself. (despite several adjustments)I am perplexed how anyone else gets this to work. The passage is ultimately too narrow for the kind of performance demanded by the size of the head. The flexiblity is via a series of plastic ball and socket joints. (again very narrow) The head itself is attached with friction tube (not screw in) that is about one quarter inch in diameter. I am returning this pile of junk.
3 ||| the original had a running time of 91 minutes!excellent road film,and I have them all in my collection,and love them all,but our favorite is road to morocco.
4 ||| very good - i suggest looking at other guitar players too, to avoid sounding exactly like Joe Passa very wise teacher, makes you re-think jazz guitar in easier terms
4 ||| Oh, how I have missed this book. My grandmother passed my mother's edition on to me when I was little, and its illustrations and funny stories have stayed with me all this time. I was heartbroken when I lost it, but as I didn't know the title or the author, I wasn't able to find it anywhere. This reprint has made me SO happy!
2 ||| People who go to see a racing movie and think that it is going to mirror the reality of the track are always going to be disappointed. Hollywood may not have it within it to make a realistic movie. Days of thunder certainly isn't realistic to the racing.If you are going to get any enjoyment at all from this film you are going to have to go in with an open mind. That this is a movie and will have movie racing, movie plots and movie attitudes.If you can go in with an open mind then you may find it a fun film, it deals more with the relationships than with racing in many ways. Sly is quite good and was enjoyable to watch.I loved the racing through city streets was alot of fun. The worst thing was the crashes. They were very dramatic but maybe with the height the cars got, they should have painted them in the Thunderbirds colours.
4 ||| this is such an original, diverse CD. showing many different vocal and instrumental arrangements, hogarth has put together his best work since his days with the heavy metal horns. from a song about an online love affair to a stirring stevie wonder cover, this cd sucks you in and instantly will make you a fan. i've been a fan for years and as good as this latest cd is, it is all the better live. if you get a chance to see this artist in the boston area, you can fully experience one of local boston's best.
2 ||| Not really the best quick reference. Since it is cheap there is no harm in buying it.
4 ||| ... but i've loved oasis since day 1, i LOVE the first 2 records, think "be here now" is spotty but brilliant at times, HATE "heathen chemistry", but i actually think THIS is their BEST ALBUM OVERALL .... am i the ONLY ONE who feels this way? i swear: nothing could match the swagger of "maybe" and "morning glory" (and for me personally the joy of doing lines off those CD cases as a young freak while i listened to em!), but sh*t this record has some - a LOT of - killer tunes, and is a REAL progression forward, unlike "heathen" which, despite the presence of one of the 2 geniuses of overlooked but fantastic shoegazers RIDE in attendance, kinda SUCKS?!?!? well that's just my opinion ...
4 ||| My only regret with this book is that I think I read it out of order. I believe that Trinity was the first of a two part story. But even by itself it stands as a really compelling story. I wasn't prepared for the places it would take me. It was surprising but nice to be transported to New Zealand. And the story of a very bloody battle (Gallipoli) which I had no previous idea of. I first thought that Leon Uris would only be an author of middle east books (having read Exodous and The Haj). But it was a pleasant surprise to find he is a master story teller.
1 ||| I didn't buy it on Amazon, I bought it in Bed Bath & Beyond. I don't know whether it is the store's problem or what, the spatula has this horrible cheap perfume smell. I didn't realize this until I used it to stir the corn soup(since it's heat resistant and my pot is non-stick), and the soup tasted like perfume. Afterwards, I tried to wash it with detergent, soaked it in hot soapy water, nothing would make the smell go away. So buyers be aware, check the smell of the spatula before you use it.
1 ||| a little uncomfortable but the only way my bluetooth headset would stay in my funny little ears.
1 ||| Ok, it has been 6 months since I last posted this review and I am sorry to report that there has been no improvement! I recently bought the Belkin Wireless adapter and all my problems have disappeared.I bought the BEFW11S4 with two WUSB11 adapters and installation was easy and everything works well on both my Windows 2000 and WinXP machines until I try to play network games. The Windows 2000 machine still works like a dream, but WinXP keeps losing the connection. I have spent weeks talking to linksys support, but they would not admit that there is a problem or even look into it. Their last communication to me was: "Don't play online games with a wireless network"!If you are not running WinXP (at least, if you are running Windows 2000 :-)), I would recommend this highly. Hopefully linksys can fix their WinXP driver in the near future, but I would steer clear of it until then.
0 ||| Unlike seasons 1 - 3 of Weeds, this blu-ray is region coded and will noy work on European players. I've bought a useless disc.Since Weeds is unavailable on blu-ray in my country (Holland), to me this means it's another example on how the industry discourages customers that like to buy their media legally. I guess I'll have to resort to downloading the rest of the series.At least we are able to buy real weed here legally.
3 ||| this book was pretty rad. Some people think that this book has fowl lanugage and stuff, but who doesnt curse. Also, the book was kind of slow in the beginning, but once the British came to town is got better. Finnally, Howard FAst makes it seem like you are there by not say ing "he said/she said". This was my lame review on April Morning.
1 ||| With all the great material in the WEA vaults, why Warner Music UK chose to package and release these also-rans is a mystery. The material has a boring sameness to it I am not used to in an Oldies Collection. Dee Dee Warwick, Darrow Fletcher, Barbara Lynn & Mary Wells are all outstanding artists that I normally look forward to listening to, but who you would not normally identify with the disco or pre-disco period of American music. The selections on this CD display these and other artists' work out of their normal areas of expertise. This one is surely going to a back shelf.
1 ||| It works but the next morning it has lost some shape and isn't as comfortable as it could be. For the price and the function is okay, the twin size made it right for our allowable space - but if you will need a longer term solution it is probably better to invest in a more expensive air bed.
4 ||| From the a lot of the other reviews I have read on this dvd I would say that a lot of people definately misunderstood the film. It might have to do with their age...in fact it probably has to do completely with their age. For those of us who are not over the age of 25 it is probably a film you can enjoy, that is only if you are not sensitive to sex, drugs, and suicide. Especially those of us who enjoy the "weirder" films.For those of you that did not take an intro to film class the tricks the film has to offer should be blatant. And I should hope you can enjoy the benefits of the filmakers labor.I give it two thumbs up!Those of you who do buy this dvd must check out the extras(they are fabulous)!!
4 ||| I was amazed by Blade Runner when it was first released in theaters, but this new remastered version looks better than it ever did on the big screen! This is a "must have" for any science fiction collection.
1 ||| I had never read this author, but knew of many who did. When I read that this book was being made into a movie, it seemed a good opportunity to read her, before seeing the screen mess up her work. Now, I pray that the screen does so.I was extremely disappointed with this work. It is unrealistic, fails to capture the reader, and at points when I should have been completely engrossed, left me struggling with whether I wanted to pick it up. I hope she has written better than this, or else, there are a lot of people who have not bothered reading some of the strong authors available.Her characters are not sympathetic, they do not draw the reader's attention, and they are dull in overall scope. I have too many other good books to read before I pick up another book from this author.
4 ||| While Llwellyn has been publishing a set of books, one for each Sabbat, this book is the best source for lore, crafts, recipes, magic, and ritual for the Sabbats.Poetic and full of wonderful artwork, this book doesn't treat pagan holidays as a childish game. The folklore is wonderful and accurate, the crafts are relevant to the season, and the magic and ritual is simple and powerful.This should be in all pagan libraries.
4 ||| Thsi is a great cd that the moffatts have done. althought I personally don't like country, this is a great cd for such young boys !! A great cd for any Moffatt fan to own !
3 ||| Although the description above states that this issue of Flames Across the Border is out of print, it fails to add that it was re-issued in August of 2001 by Anchor Canada. Its ISBN is 0385658389. Amaazon.ca stocks it. So if you want to read this very good book, you still can, without searching for used copies.
3 ||| I enjoy the casio beats and smooth lyrical genious. I wish amazon would sell this cd again. It is well worth it.
1 ||| When I bought this book, I was hoping it was a little more "hands-on" than it is. It seems more like an Erma Bombeck book than an instruction manual. There are ideas for things to do like outings and stuff, but I wanted more ideas for ways to enjoy your own backyard, almost like a summer camp. This book was more concerned with making life livable for the stay-at-home parent stuck with the kids for the summer. At this stage in my life, I wanted the "Funfilled Activities for All" to include me. The whole point of the book seemed to be to make it through the summer and then send the kids back to school, only to wait for the next summer. Not much help.
3 ||| The Insider was pretty good considering its 2hr and 35min run. It's most insightful on tobacco subjects and the acting well, the acting was great. The only thing that I thought was wrong with the acting was Al Pacino but then, I'm not really a Pacino fan. It just seems to me that he was trying way too hard with all that yelling and that dominating tone of his. Now, on the other hand, Russell Crowe was excellent. I know that he's one of the most greatest actors of now. He didn't get what he deserved and it's a shame because he should of.Over all, The Insider was good. To me it really wasn't a thriller. It lacked suspense but all the drama that you need is in here and that should not be missed.
4 ||| It takes a writer like Garcia to undertake a novel of such mythic proportions. He weaves magic and fantasy into the politics of progress and greed, the loves, hates, incest and lies of human existence. Macondo is every place and Buendia is every man and woman. Garcia draws the reader to experience the depth and purity of the soul even as he constantly parodies its high moral ground by bodily functions and the smell of human pain and suffering. He lulls the reader into the bliss of solitude but forces them to confront the unbearable loneliness that it breeds. Here is life in all her forms!
1 ||| I purchased the Better Sex Videos with my boyfriend because we were looking for something new for our relationship. Well I purchased this DVD with their Sexual Positions For Lovers - Beyond the Missionary Position.What a mistake. When the DVD arrived I noticed that the couples are not attractive (turn off for both of us), the quality was terrible, and the information provided was basic information that everyone knows. As for the positions, they are general positions that anyone knows.This company claims that they have sold 4 million videos. I wonder how many returns they have gotten out of those 4 million.I would give this and the Sexual Positions For Lovers - Beyond the Missionary Position zero stars if I could. Don't be fooled. Save your money.If you are looking for a great sex position DVD, try: Sex Essentials Videos: Seductive Sex Positions. Also another great DVD (for the females out there) is Female Masturbation : Every Woman's Orgasm is Unique.
4 ||| After hearing this album for the first time, I was both stunned and blown away, not just by the music but how much glassjaw has evolved. They went from angst filled screaming desires to a more positive anger and more flow with the music. Right when this album starts, you will automatically get pulled into the music and whether you like it or not, you will be shown all the capabilites that glassjaw has. From Daryl's vocals to Larry's drumming, everything has changed but for the better. It's amazing just to hear how much Daryl's voice has changed. This album is definitely not a disappointment and I have had it in my stereo everyday since I've got it. It's impossible to put down and hopefully their next album will be the same way. Great job guys.
0 ||| I purchased this tele converter lens as an add on to my Canon PowerShot S60. Boy was I disappointed. Let me first say that you first have to purchase an adapter to use this lens with my model (S60). Not a big deal since the adapter wasn't too expensive. The bad news is that the lens and adapter do not feel secure. As far as performance....the lens does what is says (brings in the shot 2X). However the images taken with the lens are terrible. The lens feels bulky and leaves a dark spot in the lower right hand corner of all images taken with the lens on. Do not purchase this lens. Stick with the built in digital zoom instead and don't waste your money.
2 ||| This movie was okay. It was more funny than scary. And, I do me funny in the intentional way. My only real problem is the end. It seemed rushed. I'd rent it, but I wouldn't buy it.
4 ||| THE MOVIE WAS DELIGHTFUL... IT HAD ALL THE CHARACTERISTICS, OF A GOOD LOVE STORY. A YOUNG MAN WHO IS SO INDULGED IN HIS LIFE, COMES A ACROSS AN COLLECTIC YOUNG WOMAN, AND SHE CHANGES HIS LIFE 4 EVER. ITS DELCIOUSLY INTERSTING, AND KEEPS YOU ENTICED. IT IS A TEAR JREAKER, BUT GREAT PLOT. WONDERULLY DIRECTED.
1 ||| I am teaching myself to play guitar and thought this book looked like a good one to use, along with others.My problems with this book (and some other books in the Progressive series) are:- Emphasis on techniques isolated from their use in specific songs. At the end of the day, we practice in order to learn to play songs, and that's the context in which techniques should be presented.- Many of the exercises are harder than they have to be in order to develop the technique. The songs at the end of the book require fingerings that are just beyong what a beginner is going to be able to do. Not that the fingerings are the point of the exercise---they are not. They just get in the way. Guitar students need to crawl before they walk, etc.
0 ||| Even if there wasn't a big budget Spielberg Cruise film coming out, this would still be a total ripoff. It's so bad even Channel 5 wouldn't show it at four in the morning. One reviewer said it looked like it had been shot by a chimp, but he's being too generous. A chimp throwing faeces at the camera would be a better filmmaker than these am-dram-hams. It would do a better job of keeping the camera still as well. Everything about this home video is substandard bad. Don't believe the good reviews this is getting here: this belongs in the trash. I am the original six foot Pole, and even I would not touch this!!!
2 ||| I bought this unit from Amazon a few months ago because I was looking for a low-cost portable DVD player with a wide-screen. The player works great, but just be aware that the screen is 4:3.As such the actual screen size is much smaller than a 6.8" or 7" player with a 16:9 screen.Also, another minor thing that bugs me is that in spite of having a remote control, you cannot control the volume from the remote.
4 ||| This game is awesome, it has good graphics and other tight things. Like street ball, franchise and dynasty mode. All are awesome no doubt. NBA Live will never be better then this game at all. This is one of the best games that I've ever played. You can slam and drive and shoot and pass. You can also juke like crazy. The free throw is pretty hard, but that's only if you have bad players.So basically, this is about the best game anyone could ever want 2 own.
1 ||| I set out to purchase the Charge TTI, but wanted to see it and compare with the wave before purchasing because of the substantial cost difference. I went to the local army surplus and the owner handed me a charge TTI. I opened it and closed it and it would not reopen. I had him try and he got out his wave from his belt and tried to open it. No luck. He said it happened to him once before where the pliers go too deep into the unit and become lodged under the other tool. He said he was going to send it back because it would break if he tried to pry the other tool which held the pliers closed. I was shocked that there would be that kind of a design flaw on a $130 tool. Perhaps it was just that one tool, but when he said that was the second time it happened and he chose to carry the wave, that was enough to convince me not to spend the extra money.
4 ||| I was privileged to have an advance reader's copy courtesy of PTD! I could hardly put the book down. While I enjoyed all 3 of the novellas I remain partial to PTD. He has a great writing style and his characters are believable and lifelike...am waiting with bated breath for his next offering.
3 ||| Greene at his most paranoid turns the war novel into something a great deal more sinister. Forget Da's Army and the spirit of the blitz and see ww2 turn into one man's own private nightmare. Like the dream you have where you keep running, but all you enter is one strange room after another, this is a fascinating book, marred only by the occasional lapse in pace and one of Greene's less memorable leading men.
3 ||| I give this 4 stars. But it was a very strange and weird movie. The mutants were so freaky looking. I think the special effects guy should get major kudos.I would give this 3, but the weirdness and creepiness of the movie made it worth the 2 hours to me.I recommend this highly.MC White said: Hinky!
4 ||| I just got this cd for Christmas and its real good ! I didnt expect this from Vanessa ! Its way better than the first one ! But there is some songs that I dont really like ! But i guest those song will grow up on me and ill love them !! You definitly have to buy it ! WOOT For VaneSsa!
4 ||| A set of excellent songs capturing the true Hollies' style, in spite of Alan Clarke's departure. Though being a huge Hollies fan, I must confess I haven't heard this record before (it would be tedious to say why), except for three of four well-known hits. The fact is that after I listened to it I realized the album is just a gem. I felt overwhelmed by the whole result, I must say. So, do not hesitate, go and buy it!
4 ||| I am a 16-year-old and I also had to read this (in my holidays) for school. The book was very confusing at first, but it makes you think. This is the only sci-fiction novel I have liked. Those who hate this novel show themselves to be almost illiterate (just look for the spelling mistakes).
4 ||| After reading the reviews posted, I felt it necessary to post a review as well. This product is helpful when cross contamination or accidental glutening occurs. It is by no means a substitute for a gluten free lifestyle for those diagnosed with celiac disease. It helps alleviate symptoms caused by gluten for those who suffer. For my husband, it helps alleviate symptoms when he has ingested gluten accidentally, however there is NO guarantee that it is preventing damage to your small intesting and the host of side effects you can have from uncontrolled celiac disease. Use this product, but carefully!
1 ||| Kenneth Blanchard and Spencer Johnson birthed a monster writing style when they published THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER, "The Runaway #1 National Bestseller!" -- and that style is surrounding a hideously boring topic with clichs, adverbs, adjectives, redundancies, dull characters, and exclamation points. The book is then called a nonfiction fable. Hunh?When this book came out in 1981 it used a new, perhaps fresh, approach to teaching management skills, but since then it has been copied and copied and copied ... when it should be put in a cage. It's time to stop dumbing down and start smartening up books for managers. Enough already!Note: You'll only need 1 minute to get what's useful out of this book.
3 ||| Mandatory reading for anyone who regards himself as 'politically correct'. Outside of this context, the book doesn't carry much force. Endless observations on Mexico that don't seem too distant from Lawrence's own views; just tweaked enough to fit into his main character's head. A well written first chapter - at the bullfight - disintegrates as we step outside the lives of the characters who show the potential for greater developement and move into a fanatasy realm embodied by one lady's midlife crisis and whether she can reconcile anything that makes up her past. Largely, the book is very linear and won't require much reflection on past pages from the reader as things plummet towards orgiastic.
3 ||| This book is very nice to read because it shows many how people can get along and live with each other for a long time. I am a student in High School and I read this book with my sand it was fun to read. It wasn't hard to read at all but it was more difficult to analyzed. The characters in this book have very deep meaning and detail that can only be uncovered by actually analyzing it. This book may seem very boring if you read it from cover to cover without stopping to think about the time period, the characters, and the setting. I would recommend this book for someone who likes to read about things that were made in the past because it refers to many things of the 1930's. I enjoyed reading this book and I liked learning about the theme in it. I would recommend for a teenage audience and up.
4 ||| A great gift for someone who is a huge fan of the road pictures. This is the last one we have yet to see and I am sure it will be great.
1 ||| The seconds display started dropping out after about 4 months (The 0's started to look like 7's.) It was still usable for the most part, but now at the 5-month mark, the seconds display has almost completely dropped out and it no longer keeps time. When I purchased it I did not realize that there is no on/off switch. I would not recommend this timer.
4 ||| This is an even better album than Be Not Nobody - the lyrics and vocals and everything about it is superb! It's not radio-friendly pop like Be Not Nobody was. Fav songs on this cd are: Annie and Half A Week Before the Winter.
0 ||| First, they could have at least tried to make the animals look more alive and less plastic; even inexpensive CGI is better than this.Then the contents of the movie: Silly, unbelievable. Which even half lousy recon team goes in at night to an unknown island and then without nightvision goggles and constant communication with the extraction team? Who wrote this piece?This whole movie is full of impossible not even well played and worked out scenes. Waste of money, I think, would not recommend it to anyone.I like creature features but this is even unbelievable for kids.
1 ||| I found out that the author of this book is taking money from formula companies. Apparently she works for a company that accepts formula advertisements. It's difficult to believe objective advice on breastfeeding can come from an author being paid by the formula industry. That's like the cigarette industry giving advice on quitting smoking.
4 ||| this book is just the book for people who cannot seem to build muscle, this book gives you all the tools to reach your goal to build muscle and have an amazing looking body. it gives you tips from dieting, to weight training and more ! highly recommended book !
1 ||| This film marked the singularly unspectacular acting(?) debut of champion gymnast Kurt Thomas, and attempted to cash in on his Olympic fame. However, good athletes don't necessarily make good actors, and Kurt's performance proves it. The rest of the cast isn't much better, and the script is dreadful. However, there are some fun moments in this film. The scene in the village of the lunatics is pretty bizarre, some of the extras are truly creepy-looking, and the sheer lunacy of the plot provides some good laughs. If you have ever wondered what Ed Wood could have done with a martial-arts film, watch this one.
3 ||| If you like very low sound, I really mean low, with a subwoofer, then buy this one. You can impress your friends by seeing this movie at midnight. This DVD is so real you don't want to sleep after watching.
1 ||| I also bought the penguin head open mouth and I have to say it's so much more realistic than the alligator. I had some friends visit my lake recently and no one even asked what a penguin was doing in Florida. I mean, it looked so natural. Even the pelicans didn't shy from their business on the alligator so I had it removed after a few weeks. But the penguin stays. No one touches the penguin.
3 ||| Up to date reference on the current most popular sport fish in Florida. The popular and available species have changed over the years. It's sad that some of the old time favorites are kind of out of the picture now, but this book helps you know which ones are in the picture if you are taking up or retaking up the sport now.
0 ||| "Ahh finally, robocop 3" was the first thought that popped up in my mind as I sat down in my room to watch the movie. I loved the two first movies (Peter Weller is awsome as Murphy/Robocop) and I was really excited to see him in action again, wearing the metal plated armour suit... But wait a minute? What is this? No Peter Weller? Damn, well hope I live through this... I barely came out alive of my room that night...This is perhaps one of (maybe the worst) "3rd movie in a series of good movies"-films I have ever encountered... The Plot is bad,probably written by a five-year old child, the actors disgusts me, reminds me of bad soap-opera acting, and the whole thing smells like a movie for children... I can only say one thing about this movie: If you love Robocop 1 & 2 and have no experience with this movie, well, do not see it, okay?! It will ruin your life... It has ruined mine...
0 ||| I have played a few rotten games but this one was ridiculous. It was one of those games that I would not buy if it was to have cost a penny. I have played the N-64 version and it was great so I figured that it would be just like it man I was wrong. I wish it would have just allowed you to not have a timer trust me this game is not worth it. The graphics are not all that great nor is anything else.
2 ||| Marvell's is not an easy life to write. His remarkable caution in a remarkable time led to a dearth of biographical source material. Murray, at times, seems to have limited sympathy for Marvell, and the thinness of his source material sometimes gives the impression of 'slightness' to his treatment. But in the last third of the book, I got a glimpse of a Marvell I'd never seen anywhere else - tough, fearless and at risk in ways we can't imagine. I give the book THREE STARS, but relative to other available biographies on Marvell, it probably deserves FOUR. If you're interested in Marvell, it's well worth reading.
4 ||| I Remember reading this as a girl. Great book! Can't get over it, Many Thanks for the Publishers for bringing back this timeless classic. 5 stars all the way.
4 ||| Wyatt Earp is a great western. Great acting. Nice to see it in Blu-ray. Sound and picture was great. This is a must see movie before watching Tombstone. I recommend buying them both.
2 ||| They played for 15 minutes or so and haven't looked at it again since. I just think they're too young (2 years). Easy to assemble.
1 ||| I first heard "Last of the True Believers" maybe 5 years after it was first released. Since then I have been looking for something from Nanci as enjoyable as I found that album. And I am still looking.
0 ||| Thank goodness I borrowed this from the public library and didn't waste my money. My husband and I did attend live classes, but wanted a refresher before the big event. While the information is consistent with what we've learned from other professionals - the presenter is terribly annoying. Although we wanted the information, the jokes were so unbearable we had to stop watching. If you can deal with the presenter's sense of humor, you'll benefit from the information - good luck!
0 ||| This book is the least informative reference book I have ever purchased. The book will not help you pass the MCDBA exams (70-228 and 70-229), nor is it a good reference book for your job. First of all, there are many aspects of T*SQL that are missing. For example, how can one write a book about the Select statement without such basic topics as "Having" and "Group By"? Secondly, the information is frequently wrong. Not misinterpreted, but plainly wrong (i.e., SQL*Server will reject your syntax). Finally, the questions in the "sample" tests have NO relationship to the actual exams. I cannot think of a book that has provided less true information and more misinformation than this one. If I could rate this book with negative stars, I would do so.
0 ||| This camera doesn't hold battery power at all. I placed new energizer batteries in and it displayed "low battery" after less than 10 pics were taken. This continued through multiple batteries of different brands. Turns out even the rechargeable batteries included in the accessory kit don't match up to the power required to run the camera. No battery has enough power to run the camera for more than a couple mins. This problem makes the camera useless! nice camera, too bad nobody can use it!
2 ||| I've owned 3 of these watches over the past 2 years. On the first one, I cracked watch face while doing some yard work. I broked the strap mount on the second watch. The third watch died after I went swimming in a pool. The displayed become fuzzy after I got out of the pool and it wouldn't work the following day. It's too bad that the watch is not durable. I like the functions, the style, and the way it fits. It's just built with cheap materials that won't last.
3 ||| from first hearing this cd i knew this cat was on to somthing,the lyrics were a little heavy for me on a few songs,but,there was a large variety so i was satisfied. thanks jovan my girl loves it to she always sings you dont have to cry. this is a must buy cd got to have it.
3 ||| I bought this book for my son who loves all of the Marvel characters. He reads it every day and is discovering many characters that he did not know previously. He especially likes all of the details and pictures. There is much detail about each character in an easy to search alphabetical order. A very complete book for Marvel lovers and those just discovering them.
0 ||| This book is a waste of time and money. The author shares common sense tips but doesn't offer scenarios in which to resolve parenting issues. This seems like a vanity book. The person who got the most from it was probably the author and her son (the artist).
0 ||| These are so awful. I guess that is what I get for four dollars. They are not even a full booty, they are bottomless. Yeah, try wrapping a bottomless, thin, crappy piece of material around a bouncy toddler's shoe and see how long it stays on there. Clue: It doesn't! The sequins fall off, the bows are not even centered over the toe, not well made. I ended up spending the fifteen dollars at a local store to buy 'real' ruby slippers, and we are so glad we did. Don't think you'll get away with saving the money, because you'll just end up buying the real slippers just like me!
0 ||| I wish he came up with better ideas, too much like Lord of the Rings and Star Wars. I understand taking elements, but taking the same entire story is pretty terrible and another thing. This book is like taking a paper bag, and turning it inside out, it appears different, still a paperbag, but what they have in common is that you can wipe your ass with them. :-)
3 ||| Feel very comfortable using it. Very light and well built.Provides bushes for height adjustment for Laptops such as 17'' ones. Freely dissipates the heat generated by laptop by natural flow of air.Good angle to type.Must buy for any laptop size ,especially for 15 or higher.Thank youAditya Maturi
3 ||| This book would be awesome, if it wasn't for the fact that it came scratched. It's a Christmas gift though, so no time to try to return it. Over all I'm happy with the look of the book, just disappointed that it's marked up.
2 ||| While I enjoyed the romance, the sinister atmosphere and suspense was built up for nothing because the heroine was never in any real danger at all. The ending was just horrible. Why was it even necessary? Overall, the story was good but not extraordinary and you really could wait for it in paperback. I recommend reading her other novels if your new and want to read her: After the Night, Son of the Morning and her series books like MacKenzie's Mountain and MacKenzies Mission.My grade for this book would be a C+
1 ||| This book is okay, but Brown Jenkin is not what I saw when I read HPL's "Dreams in the Witch House."It's not a good Masterton book, either. The last 30 pages seem as if he had to get it done fast, or be sued by the publisher.Skip it. "Spirit" is a lot better.
1 ||| Jean Auel's "Earth's Children" series would have been limited to a single novel had "Clan of the Cave Bear" been written in the same tedious fashion. Ms. Auel's eagerly awaited fifth novel of the series, "The Shelters of Stone" is a study in excrutiating, minutiae. The reader makes progress across this vast and wonderous landscape with a magnifying glass, never seeing anything beyond the short focus of the lens. I confess to quitting the book after 260 odd pages. Ms. Auel is, in my opioion, an incredibly talented author, otherwise, I would have quit 100 pages sooner. Perhaps this was a 100 page novel that was filled with an additional 600 pages of very finely crafted descriptive verbage. I guess I'll never know.
3 ||| i loved this movie and i own it on DVD and you should get it now because it is a clever thriller for all horror fans and delivers real valentine sweets!
0 ||| Yes, I did not know you could cut yourself with an electric razor....yes, it did happen and you have been warned.
1 ||| This is a film that will appeal to sad people like myself who think that Jessie Matthews would be wonderful reading a telephone directory! Sadly it is of poor quality in terms of storyline and acting (or should I say over-acting) of most of the cast. A highly unlikely story but the sort that may have appealed to '30s film audiences and a pleasant change from all the blood and gore and gratuitous violence of the modern'blockbuster'! How it can possibly qualify to be released in a series of 'creepy thrillers' is beyond me, and it only had one song from Jessie!If it is old movies you want, it will keep you going but not leave you fulfilled.
2 ||| It's an okay read. The beginning chapters are interesting, but later on in the book, it seems like the author had run out of material so they started to talk about aliens and UFOs. There are better books on the topic.
2 ||| ... yet entertaining. If you're in it for straight, brain-on-hold, action or VG to film authenticity then this is the film for you. As far as titillation goes, however, if Ms. Pressly and company acted any more masculine they'd be wearing jockstraps. A perfect gift for the video gaming feminist in your life.
3 ||| I Love Les Mis since I sang it in Jr High. What a wonderful musical. I love Alfie Boe as Jean Valjean, Lea Salonga as Fantine, Samantha Barks as Eponine. Little Jonas Brother got lost standing next to anybody, and you couldn't hear him unless he was soloing. This is my favorite roll for Ramin Karimloo as Enjolras, it really shows him at his best I feel.You can't compare the 10th and 25th Anniversary Cast as they all made it there own. Growing up with the Dream Cast from the 10th I have to say I now watch and listen to the 25th Anniversary more.
1 ||| These glases are too big for practical use. Instead we recommend the Chardonnay/Voigner model.
3 ||| I happened upon a free reviewer copy of this book at work, took it home and let it sit for a while, then read it on a summer camping trip. Wonderful stuff and makes me want all the more to visit Antarctica.
3 ||| I got these as a gift to wear at work (in an extremely people-noisy environment). They do a better job than any other headphone I've tried. They are the MOST comfortable headphone I have ever worn. That said, I've had to exchange them twice. They are pretty fragile for the price - but the Bose store near me has exchanged them both times without a problem. (The only hassle is finding time to go over there.)The battery life is not the best, but I can live with it. I don't like the idea of having to have the noise cancelling feature ON (using battery life) to just listen to music, though. There are times I could use this headset and not need noise cancelling - but that is not an option, which it should be for $300.00.I've had mine for 3 months and am happy with them, other than the issues listed.
1 ||| Funny, funny funny...Unrestrained junior academic high jinks that will have your 14 year old, (and not to mention, YOURSELF) sprinting violently out of the room and into the streets screaming loud uproarious praise for this once-in-a-lifetime masterpiece. This little jem of a purchase is a must for anyonetired of the usual hollywood fair. The character of Mark is by far the biggest scene-stealer in this shining cast of adolescent thespians! I have seen the glorious future and it has a name : Hail Maximus Keeble!
4 ||| I thurely enjoyed reading this book! I have only read 2 or 3 of his books but this was defenately a good one!
3 ||| Was a great read I enjoyed it a great deal I hope if you haven't read it that you will give it a try
3 ||| This is an honest plot , well supported by Robert DeNiro's superb acting and directing. It has a little mob-action, romance , family values , comedy and violence. An astonishing mix in just another "Bronx Tale".
0 ||| I rented this movie with the highest of expectations due to the things I had heard talked about it, like that it was funny and romantic and had wonderful scenery. What a disappointing story!The story had no sense of direction. It seemed badly glued together, as if the scriptwriters were saying, "we'll make her a divorced woman...and then we'll make her go on a gay tour...and oh wait, let's make her have no morals and have sex with a man she hasn't known for even one day...and lets make her flirt with the real estate man." All in all, the story turned out to be pretty stupid with nothing to admire in the main character.
3 ||| Flawless is a very enjoyable slow-burning caper starring Demi Moore and the inimitable Michael Caine. Demi Moore stars as a top female executive in the 60's diamond industry that is stymied by her gender. Caine is an affable night janitor at the diamond depository with a plan. After Caine gives Moore evidence that her termination is imminent - the two hatch a plan to rob the diamond vault.Flawless was a surprisingly enjoyable heist film and I recommend it. It is not action packed, but a slow moving intelligent thriller with a twist ending.
1 ||| The case looks great but had to refund due to the front panel/face plastic inserts being completely sheared off. The front was not even attached and was hanging off.
2 ||| I watched this with my 14-year-old son last night. He fell asleep. This version of the film removes the voice of Harrison Ford and adds a bunch of deleted scenes (mostly shots of scenery). Blade Runner is a great film, but all the changes make this version seems slow and annoying.
4 ||| My partner and I loved this movie. We laughed our butts off. Very British Humor at its very best. This is a movie I cannot wait to purchase on DVD when it becomes available. Do yourselves a favor and see it. If you are depressed you will see for yourself that eccentricities are not just something you have but ALL OF US HAVE! You will love it.
4 ||| got a rescued adult dog, 3 years old. he was used to playing with plastic bottles and dog bones. this toy was almost a flop. he wasn't sure how to get the treats out and i pretty much gave up on it as a mind challenging treat dispenser. however, my dog walker stuffed it before she left and when I got home, he got so excited and grabbed the ball and began chewing it. when treats came out, he got super excited and chewed even harder. i watched him continue to play with it for the next twenty minutes. he pretty much got all the treats out of it and now he understands how it works. since that day, he enjoys playing with it.so don't give up! they will figure it out if you keep trying.
0 ||| This movie is too slow paced, and has basically no charater development; might as well see it, so you know what kind of trash people praise.
0 ||| I was horribly disappointed. I expected the original version with decent adult illustrations, not an abridged copy for 7 year olds. I returned it.
0 ||| I have every available episode of Doctor Who on DVD. It should have been called the BORE of Fang Rock. This episode is like torture to watch. If I was to show someone that has never seen Doctor Who, this would be one i would HIDE! Just my opinion, It was SOOO SLLOOWW!! not much action. Some people really enjoyed it, but I guess I like a bit more action.
0 ||| smash court tennis has got to be the worst game i have ever played in my life.you can only choose from a small amount of tennis players and the graphics are also very bad.i would advise everyone to not buy this game because it would be a waste of your money.
2 ||| I wish I had not gotten the directors cut, it was way too long. The diving was amazing.
0 ||| This video card is terrible. Okay, so 3dfx don't exist any more, but let this be a lesson to you to always research before you buy. The Voodoo 5 was such a bad card that it is used as the standard against which bad products are held in the gaming community right now. The positive reviews were from people who loved 3dfx back when they were a good company that did good things. There is a reason they went out of business after releasing this card.
2 ||| This is not a full sized book. It was a little more worn than what was noted. I did received it before the arrival date and I would order from this company again, but I will make sure the book is a regular sized book and not a book club sized book.
1 ||| I bought this for the cupholders. I haven't found a single water bottle, mug, cup, etc that has been able to fit into them. I have the Techno XT which already has storage, so this extra bag wasn't really needed, only the cupholders, which aren't useful to me. I wish I hadn't bought it :\
3 ||| Simply put, if you liked the others in the Mitford series, you'll like this. Its predictable, but a nice escape.
3 ||| It makes sense if you have seen the show (the first show I know of to be based on prerecorded music), but if you haven't this is a wacky mixture of classical, jazz, and rock/pop dance numbers, and if you have eclectic tastes it is certainly entertaining listening. The version of Beyond the Sea is pretty weak, with Bobby Darin's version being about a thousand times better, but other than that it is hard to quarrel with any of the music.
4 ||| An excellent classic novel about certain individuals' hardships and recovery from a war torn nation.
3 ||| I've read tonnes of these books now, attended seminars on pick up, bought dvd's and even paid for private tuition so I don't consider myself a newbie at pick up anymore.The Layguide is certainly one of the better books out there on pick up. It's funny with some real laugh out loud moments.The one critique I could give this book is that if you're starting out in pick up then you're probably going to want something on actually approaching women or girls. Getting over your "approach anxiety" is the first step and should be taken care of before you try to become an expert! For this, the best book I've read by far isDestroy Approach Anxiety - Effortlessly Approach Women Without Fear. But after you get over your initial fear of actually approaching women then The Layguide is one of the books you should read to give you some more intermediate advice and tricks.Recommended!
2 ||| A storm forces Judge Dee to stay overnight in a Taoist temple. There he finds he must investigate the poisoning of one religious young woman, the disappearance of two other women, a possible ghost, a possibly murdered abbot, and numerous suspicious living men and women. All his questions are answered, but administering justice strains his moral code.
1 ||| I think it may be time for Mr. Hillerman to end this series of novels. I've read them all, but the most recent books, including this one, just don't measure up to the earlier stories. Leaphorn and Chee (and the FBI) are becoming caricatures. I think this series has run its course.
4 ||| My daughter had asked for this book and has read it more then once so it must be good.
0 ||| Warning!!!....Stay away from this DVD!!!As a longtime Glenn Hughes fan I was heartbroken by the quality of this DVD. The performance is great but the quality of the video was possibly inferior that of some webcasts. The video also seems to have been filmed with a time delay effect making glenn's vocals and the also the drummer's playing out of time with what we are seeing on the screen.During darker moments we are subjected to a unacceptable amount of pixelation all over the image.Glenn Hughes as an artist should never have permitted such a shoddy (Grab The Money And Run) release to have ever hit the shelves.Shame On Him!!
1 ||| better information on handwriting analysis is avalable from other sources.
1 ||| I didnt like this. It seemed to slow for me to watch. I threw it in the trash sometime ago
2 ||| I Was A Teenage Fairy by Francesca Lia BlockBlock's unique, trippy poetic prose fills this book about a spunky fairy that helps two teenage models/actors that were molested as children by a photographer. Playing with Peter Pan, the supermodel culture, and fairy folklore (changeling tales, glamour and obsession with physical beauty), she creates a modernist tale that is more about the dreamy writing style than substance. Grade: B
1 ||| This CD and another by the same artist will not play in my CD player which doesn't read CD-R's. When I play it in a boom box it will work. The songs just don't appeal to my children or our youth group. The song lyrics are well written but the tunes themselves are not catchy to the kids. They seem to like Colin Buchannan's Aussie Praise collection much better. Amazon doesn't sell it but cbd.com does. Great Effort though by this couple.
3 ||| The book is very good. It is really realistic. Tells of survival and what happens when the worse comes.
4 ||| Julian Temple directed this tour-de-force documentary on seminal punks The Sex Pistols. Loaded with interviews and behind the scenes footage (some never seen before), you can see why a band that only released one album in their short career has become such an icon of modern music. Whether you care for the band or not, do not miss this one!
4 ||| FUNNY! FUNNY! FUNNY!! I loved this movie because of it's humor, and thus give it a 5 out of 5. You'll love it to. HAHA!!
1 ||| This pump is not a continous pump, you need to keep shooting the trigger to grease come out. Many other you can just hold the trigger, be advice , you can get tired really fast with this pump.
4 ||| I read this book after I had worked through the steps, but I wish I had read it before. Miller does a great job breaking down each step and applying it to his own life. If you thought the steps were just for alcoholics, think again. This book will open your mind to behaviors that keep you stuck in the insanities of life. If your new to the steps or if you have lived them most of your life this book hits the spot.
4 ||| I love scary movies, but ive never watched a movie that really scared me to wear i screamed or had to sleep with all the lights on, but this movie truely did all of this for me. It is soo scary. I've never seen a movie this scary, and I've seen pretty much every scary movie or there from The Exorcist to Darkness Falls but none even came close to how scarty this movie is. It is way different from the orginal but the orginal was so fake and boring you could fall asleep to it, but the remake really makes this a classic ghost story. SO go see it buy it you wont regret it if your into really scary movies!!
1 ||| I am a true fan of the King Arthor legands and of the writings of Mark Twain, but this novel does not meet up to either things. Basically the writing is not as well done as his other stories like Tom Sawyer and it puts down the whole legand of the Round Table. If you are inclined to be romantic about the Arturian period definitly do not read this story. I wish that I could have enjoyed this more, but there was little to make me love it
0 ||| Had a very toxic smell and probably will be toxic if used. No matter how much it was cleaned it still had a very strong smell. Scared to use it because of its smell. The ears and shaft are very hard and not flexible at all. It will be tossed in the trash. Another waste of money.
1 ||| We used Pantry Pest for several years and it used to do a good job of controlling the occasional infestations of flour moths, but they've changed the design of both the box and lure and now they're crap. The adhesive, while nice and sticky, has been shrunk to two tiny patches and the lure is a thin rubber square that you toss onto the adhesive instead of the former round packet. The moths don't seem too impressed with the little square and neither are we. I'm trying other brands now, the Springstar one has generous adhesive and a square that seems to actually work for instance, Catchmaster is next. No more Pantry Pest for our house!
3 ||| Humorous account of her memoirs, I always enjoy a mouthful of saucy sarcasm. However, I remain loyal to her first book of ironic, irreverant commentary on strange female behaviors. Rent Hypocrite from the library, but buy this one.Kiss My Tiara: How to Rule the World as a SmartMouth Goddess
0 ||| This film IS a faithful dramatisation of the book, for which, as a fan I am grateful.Unfortunately it is also an example of what cannot be achieved without sufficient funding. The acting is unconvincing and the special effects, CGI work is very poorly produced. It reminds me of live action films of the fifties interspersed with Hanna Barbera cartoons, which is a pity.It just doesn't work, and even if one is a fan of the story, I would not recommend buying this film, which is a great shame.
0 ||| She'll get a truckload load of Grammys but this album will still be weak and flimsy no matter how many she gets.Stiff rhythm as per usual for Hip-Hop and dreary lyrics as usual.At least she'll make that truckload of money her investment manager is looking forward to.
1 ||| The most overrated book in the mystery genre is this attempt to fuse the mystery genre with the history genre. The mixture does not work. And Tey's conclusions are very out of date by now.
4 ||| With this book, Bejan makes convection heat transfer "streamlined". Powerful --yet simple and handy-- tools such as constructal theory, scale analysis, intersection of asymptotes method, heatlines, etc., are presented and used in the book to provide readers with a deep understanding of how and why things are happening the way they are. The author's viewpoint on the field is refreshing and original. This is the one book that I would recommend to graduate students interested in convection heat transfer.
1 ||| I have had my WM 6qt for 11 months. The ice cream was great but the motor has stopped working. BE AWARE THAT AMAZON only warranties this product for 30 days. The manufactures warranty for the motor is one year. I now have to go to the hassle of contacting White Mountain and securing service for a product that they did not sell to me. I anticipate issues. For a unit that cost this much the seller should back it for the indicated periods.White Mt was very easy to deal with and did replace the motor. I only gope is that it last longer. Great Ice Cream.
3 ||| This is a great little book. Unfortunately it covers the peroid just prior to the peroid that I was concerned with. It is concise and clear and would be of value to any one studing that peroid of time. Sue Coon
2 ||| I read "The Andromeda Strain" about five years ago. The first 80-90% of the work was near perfect: absolutely brilliant writing, full of suspense, that I found almost literally hair-raising.Unfortunately, it appears that somewhere along the way, Crichton boxed himself into a corner, and couldn't find a plausible way out. The net result is one of the most illogical endings I have ever read; the final 20 or 30 pages feel like they have nothing to do with what has gone before. [The problems begin when they find out exactly what the Andromeda Strain is--or, perhaps, more properly, what it *isn't*.]While it is by no means a bad book, I was still much disappointed by the ending.
2 ||| The Apollo program through the cameras the astronauts took with them, as well as through cameras in the control room at Houston. It's interesting, but in the process of finding a picture of the DVD cover, I came across another I'm going to have to find, called "In the Shadow of the Moon" from 2007 directed by Ron Howard. I suspect (especially from the trailer) that it is going to be better.This is mostly the raw film, with all its flaws, and you don't always know what you are looking at. Indeed, I spent a good bit of the time while they were on the moon trying to figure where the camera was that was taking the picture. It turns out they have mashed together several trips, and so while there were only two astronauts on the surface in Apollo 8 (or was that 9?), there were more later, and there were cameras on the rover (which trip had the rover and went up to a ridge at a considerable distance from the lander?), and all together this was pretty confusing. Interesting, but confusing.
2 ||| Shows Phil and a bunch of NYC "Gunners" just on the get go. Bebop delux! What a time it must have been when a lot of legendary music was just getting going all centered around New York City 1956 - 1959 The CD probably contains music first issued as two 10'LPs Good stuff,great Phil some of it probably during his Brooklyn days pre Dizzy pre Quincy
4 ||| What an incredible book!! Plot was so unusual - so intriquing - so engrossing - I couldn't put it down! I look forward to reading more by this author - but I wonder if anything can top this story. Read it for the ultimate reader's high!
3 ||| After purchasing the first 3 movies on DVD, I decided to upgrade to the blu-ray for the last 4 movies. The quality is quite nice, and the extras are consistent with the rest of the ultimate editions with the collectible book, the making of documentary, the extras disc, and the 2 collectible wizards cards. Also, the cover has a lenticular cover, which is cool to look at. It does kind of get caught on the other cases on the shelf. Otherwise, a good purchase, delivered quickly, and what we expected.
0 ||| DED are a direct derivative of designer's republic and they know it. It is not enough that they are in the same building and that they use the same design styles and that they steal the look, feel and personality of DR... they had to go and publish this truly pedestrian book.DED are perfect examples of pragmatic, uninteresting, mediocre designers.Read this if your goal in life is to be a low-level production artist who cuts up the work of others.
0 ||| I'm sorry but this book is garbage. I could only get through the first 3 chapters & it just felt mind-numbing. We need a woman who's a Neil Strauss type to write a book lol. I learned more from The Game, being a woman, than anything from my short read of this book.
3 ||| I do not know what is wrong with Nikon in why that they cannot deliver on time, but at least that you had it in stock, and that I needed for my lens - thank you
2 ||| This is a semi disturbing story of a mother and her young son on the run from a crazy cult that wants to kill her son. It is pretty standard Koontz stuff you come to expect from him. I was entertained but it was nothing spectacular
4 ||| An understated revelation into the compelling search for meaning to life, which Frankl believes lies within the meaning we find in our suffering. His case is very persuasive. I was changed by the book. While a Jew from concentration camps, he sometimes borrows Christian imagery to make his point, and his message is ultimately and purposefully universal. This is not merely a work for Jews in search of their history, but also for people in search of their sleeping souls. I highly recommend it.
1 ||| The best aspect of this movie was that it is ill titled; the result of an unfortunate misstranslation. The themes and ideas presented in the movie are thought provoking, however the cinimatography was difficult to watch, and harder to follow.The PG13 rating stems from a couple of crude jokes, and one totally unneeded and unexpected nude scene.
2 ||| Chain came a tangled mess, and continued to tangle every time it touched itselfThe sterling silver was really very pretty, and the necklace looked really niceIf only the chain wasn't such a painIts INCREDIBLY thin and gets caught up in itself like no otherand the fine-ness makes it hard to unknot
1 ||| I am sure that is what Duofold had in mind is a baselayer.I bought two of these based on other reviews,but these are not what I expected.First they run small.Normally I wear a medium,so I bought a large and it is still very tight.So buy accordingly.Second,I bought these to wear under my work shirts as I am in and out all day long...make note,if the fabric gets cold,so do you.It is early fall here and the lowest temp I have encountered is 40 degrees.I went outside wearing this under my work shirt,the fabric got cold,so naturally so did I.Obviously I did not use the product correctly,as I believe under other layers and a winter jacket,it would probably help a great deal.For my needs,I'll just head back to the old fashioned waffle type long undershirt.
1 ||| I was about 16 years old when this movie was in the movie theaters and being a fan of Brooke Shields I watched Endless Love and I actually liked it but unfortunately I let some people convince me that it wasn't a good movie to like but now that I'm older I find that I like this movie again and think it was good so I'm editing an older review that I wrote in which I gave it a low rating of two stars but I now would rate it 3 1/2 stars.
0 ||| I couldn't agree more of the bad descriptions on Amazon products. I used to shop a lot at Amazon and it used to have very good descriptions. But just recently the descriptions are turning really bad. There are no dimensions, some products don't even mention the material that are made of. I would have bought a lot more items if the descriptions have been better.
3 ||| Confess, Fletch is a good time. It feels much more like a Fletch read, along with the introduction of Inspector Flynn. It's a well-crafted whodunit and Macdonald's writing still seems edgy and fun.
0 ||| THIS BOOK MISSES ONE IMPORTANT FACT. HURRICANE KATRINA DIDN'T STOP IN BILOXI/GULFPORT MISSISSIPPI, BUT ALSO INCLUDED CITIES FURTHER EAST THAT NEVER RECEIVED MENTION BUT FARED JUST AS BAD IF NOT WORSE THAN GULFPORT OR BILOXI. THIS INCLUDES THE CITIES OF OCEAN SPRINGS, GAUTIER, PASCAGOULA IN MISSISSIPPI AND AS FAR EAST AS MOBILE ALABAMA. IF TIME IS GOING TO PRESENT AN ACCURATE ACCOUNT OF HURRICANE AS SUCH IT DESERVES I WOULD THINK THEY COULD AT LEAST DO ENOUGH RESEARCH TO FIND OUT ABOUT THESE CITIES AND INCLUDE THEM IN THEIR BOOK. MAYBE IT IS BECAUSE THESE CITIES ARE SO SMALL THEY FIGURE WHY BOTHER. AND MAYBE THAT IS WHY IT TOOK SO LONG FOR THESE SAME CITIES TO RECEIVE AID AFTER THE DEVESTATION CAUSED BY HURRICANE KATRINA. WHATEVER THE CASE, THIS BOOK MISSES THE WHOLE POINT.
0 ||| this game sucks!! although it's no surprise considering that EVERY SINGLE ONE of the Gamecube wrestling titles are crap. Well THQ,you sure didn't disappoint, cause you've come up w/ cruddy game #4. THQ hasn't done anything right for WWE since the n64 when it was still WWF. ok, ok, amazing graphics yeah. so? the gameplay? B.S. the A.I.? riiiight. story line? try stealing one that didn't happen 2-3 years ago. completely ridiculous! 2 words for you "No Mercy" take a lesson and dust off your n64 cause THQ hasn't figured out the gamecube yet.
1 ||| Don't like most of these movies; description inadequate so I didn't have a way to know what type of movies were on it.
3 ||| To my knowledge, there are two sets of Oxo corn holders -- the regular "Good Grips" and the "Steel" lines. The ones I ordered from this page and received from Amazon were the "Good Grips" and they are black and yellow, like a large bumblebee(28381), the photo here is old. The "Steel" ones are black and stainless steel and cost almost twice as much(1050061). They both are great... large and sturdy and I'm satisfied with my Bumble Bees for $6.00. Good product just be aware there are 2 sets and Amazon's set up is a bit confusing. By the way, I store them in a used wine cork in the drawer as they are indeed sharp.
3 ||| Teilhard is difficult to read but worth the effort--IF you're interested enough to make the effort (I am) and IF you can attune yourself to the now-arcane style of writing. IF you are so inclined, the rewards are worth it. You get a glimpse into what has evolved from ancient Buddhism, and probably begin showing up in a Western iteration first with Alfred North Whitehead and eventually into General Systems Theory. Fascinating and relevant if you are a student of spirituality--and who isn't if we're honest?
0 ||| I was unable to get into this novel. I gave it plenty of time and wished for the chance to enjoy it like so many others supposedly did. But, I found little.
0 ||| This is the only movie that I can recall where the director's version is worse than the theatrical release. The loss of the narrative (which was the only way I understood the movie the first time I saw it) is not worth the brief unicorn dream scene that was added back. I remember an interview (I think it was with Johnny Carson) where Rutger Hauer mentioned the unicorn dream scene and was shocked to find out that it was cut from the theatrical release. When the director's cut came out, my dad and I saw it on VHS and were both terribly dissapointed. I wish I could get the other version on DVD.
1 ||| The phone I received turned out to be a China Mobile one with all connections to Chnese provider and Chinese-type keyboard layout! I feel I should have been warned it is the model for CHinese market!
2 ||| I liked the anti-environmentalist stance, all the cool medical stuff, Popov, and the part where Rainbow gets ambushed at the hospital. That was about it. There were a few other interesting action scences early on, but other than that, the book was about 400 pages too long, and the plot was poorly thought out. I agree with the other reviewer who thought the foiling of the bad guys' plan was WAY too easy. It was clear that the part at the Olympics should have been the climax, and that the novel should have ended shortly thereafter. But no, it drags on and a second attempt at a climax is made in South America (and failed). It was as if Clancy planned to have a big battle scene in Sydney, then realised it wouldn't work for some reason, but instead of thinking around the problem just glossed over it and kept writing. Not too bad a book, if you're just looking to kill time, but not one of the better books I've read.
4 ||| What can I say that hasn't been said. This first movie of the trilogy is great. Great effort was made to really explore the Batman psyche. They explore what and how does a man become Batman. I don't think you saw Bruce Wayne in the Batman costume in the first 30 minutes of the movie. This more than made up for the previous Batman movies. As a Dark Knight fan I loved this movie.
3 ||| You can find most of this information on the web if you look for it and as the book mentions it too you will need an attorney to draw up the lease and they can help give you all this information too.However this book puts most of the information into one place and gives you a starting point and the basic information you need to know. As that it was worth reading it. Its an easy read and can be done in one sitting. Would also be a good reference for later. I'd say if you can buy it used for under $10 its a good value, this will be the least expensive part of your leasing process.
2 ||| Not a very powerful motor, feels very light and flimzy... Fine for trimming sideburns. For $16.99 you get what you pay for. Not too many other cordless options out there for this price.
1 ||| I am not sure if the 5 star reviewers and I read the same book. I will not go into a lengthy and detailed synopsis of this book. You can read that in other reviews and I feel like I have spent enough of my time on this novel. The premise of this book was very interesting but the character development was non-existent. I was not invested in ANYONE and most of the characters were one-dimensional and the epitome of clich. I did enjoy his writing style however and you can tell that he did a lot of research to get the science right. I just wish that the ending were better or maybe more fulfilling. I do not think that I will be reading any more of his novels.
2 ||| I laugh at the reviews of folk (some of whom I suspect are record company people) who claim this hearkins back to the "day." It does not. Any and all songs from this cd could be interchanged with those from Steel Wheels, Voodoo Lounge, or Bridges to Babylon - and no one would be any the wiser. Like those previous albums, this cd is listenable for now, but in a year's time, we will not be able to recall one tune from the bunch (in my humble opinion).The Stones ARE great..I pray they tour for a long time more and entertain us with new songs...but to say this is better than anything since Steel Wheels (their best "recent" cd) is a joke.
4 ||| I highly, highly recommend this product! It removed my wart in two weeks (with less-than-consistent usage). I recommend using the isolation method described in another review as a precaution, but I didn't notice any damage to the skin around my former wart. Also, remember to alternate treatment with airing out (if nothing else, letting the wart dry shows you how the treatment is working).
3 ||| The plug was exactly what I wanted. BUT, when I hooked the plug up it flipped the breaker. I found that the factory had missed marked the positive and negative poles. The black screw indicates the hot and they had it on the ground side. As soon as I reversed the wires, it worked correctly.
1 ||| I used this book for review and am able to pass all the test questions in the cd included. I sat for my CCNA today and it the questions I got where not covered all that well in this book. The test coved Frame relay and OSPF heavly and this book did not cover it as well as need for the exam. In my oppinion you should use a more current released book that covers the new test format and as always use several study books and resources.
2 ||| I Recently purchased a new computer with Windows ME. When I tried to download the correct driver for my 18 month old Docuprint P8, I found that Xerox has yet to release drivers for Windows ME. I'm sure the P8ex is a fine printer (I have no complaints with the performanceof my P8), just don't expect Xerox to support their product. Best of luck to anyone who purchases this when Windows XP comes out this fall.
2 ||| A movie doesn't get much more average than this, I didn't love it, I didn't hate it, it was just ok. It's basically the same as the first movie, which I enjoyed, but just not done as well. You have the second string of actors, who really aren't likeable, they just have no personality and all feel very wooden. If you saw John Carpenter's Vampires, then you've already seen this movie, you've just seen it done better.
3 ||| Bacon bits didnt do this one. it lags in a few spots then its great when they transform into the next stage. Fred Ward and Michael Geoss reprise theire roles. Gross goes all out in this one and the explosion at the end is great.a must see for fans of the first one
2 ||| The product was good, I just didn't recieve the case for the right blackberry. Before you purchase, make sure you get the right pearl case.
2 ||| I'm an average height woman, medium boned, slightly overweight but not obese. I could get these on my wrists, but it took some effort. I took them off after 5 minutes. They are the right weight and I can use them, but I think they would have been better if there was some way to make them open up. Velcro, snaps, or just some elastic would have made these worth 4 or 5 stars. As it is, they won't work very well for adults, especially larger adults.
1 ||| I thought that the book was kind of weird. It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live. Basicly they don't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town. The people do not know war, love, hunger, they also didn't know what dieing was, and no one new that released ment killing some one.
3 ||| Armageddons Blade doesn't include that much new things, but the Elemental town is funny, though it is shame that the concept of all 7th level creatures growing at 1 per week (basic) i abandoned - phoenix grows at 2 per week (4 with castle), which is too great an advantage, even though it is somewhat weaker than the other 7th level creatures. The new neutral dragons are terribly (too?) expensive, even though they are awfully strong. I wonder, if they ever will be of that much use. Anyway, if you liked Heroes III, this is an excellent way of trying new scenarios and campaigns. I miss some new spells, artifacts (there are two new relic artifacts, though) and some modified secondary skills (too many of them stinks!), though.
1 ||| I've read all the books in the Nina Reilly series and they were really enjoyable but this stand alone attempt is pretty bad. The writing is long winded and convoluted, the story does not play out well and by the end you realize it doesn't make a bit of sense. I truly hope they go back to the style of writing they are used to and get off this path quickly. This book was a real disappointment.
1 ||| Inspite of the two patches offered by Eidos the game crashed very often. Lara's movements are hard to control and choppy in stairwells. You will be nothing but disappointed if you spend your hard earned money on this game.
1 ||| Slow paced and dragging this story could have been told in a better way. Even those with mental illness are not so lackluster. I was grateful for fast forward.
0 ||| The DVD has a terrible amount of advertising that you're forced to watch before you can see any of the Thomas stories. It's advertising other Thomas products, so it's actually interesting the first time through. But you'll be forced to watch the advertising EVERY time you play this. Other DVDs are programmed so you can jump straight to the menu and skip the advertising. Not this one.Once you run the advertising gauntlet and earn the right to watch videos, they're excellent as always. But given that all the Thomas collections are excellent, you should buy something other than this one.
0 ||| I truly love the Friday the 13th series, but what the hell.First of all there is no real Jason. Its is just him possessingothers which defeats the purpose of Jason. That's whathe's for. To appear behind someone out of this air andhack them. Good luck getting through this one.
0 ||| This movie was one of the worst films I've seen in years. The script is horrible, the movie had little glitches on it, and a big scene of the movie is shot in night vision (GREEN!) If you are thinking of buying this movie, read this review. I'd give this movie 0 stars, but the minimum is 1 star.
2 ||| To concentrate on the unbelievable elements of the plot is to miss the point I think. I'm not sure what the point is, but it's a funny film, and the characters are certainly interesting. Ludivine Sagnier is superb as Anna, Franz's ex-girlfriend.You could do a lot worse, and you could do a lot better.
3 ||| I have already drilled a bunch of holes with this set. Chucks up fast and is easily adjustable. Nice index also.
1 ||| I cannot say that I have ever exprenced war. Yet what we as a younger generation have faced is very clearly a far cry from peace. This terrorisom against us as a country makes us just as good as those that contributed to the war efforts of WWII. I am taken aback as Brokaw decided that in his godly manor that his father, and his fathers friends were the numro uno. Every generation has its fair share of heros it is horrible to pinpoint one generation to this and cover up what really needed to be said, that we lost thousands of men and women to a cause that needed to be fought. But recent events change the outlook of WWII, September 11 has shown the world that we as a country not a generation are the greatest, WE as a country not singled out retired folks who did do a great job, but in the book it failed to show the real deal it glossed over too much.
0 ||| I tried it on my laptop first. It took a long time to create the image on the new HD from the old HD. After I replaced the new HD in to the laptop, it powered up but stopped on a blank screen with a blinking cursor. So I tried it on a desktop. The result was the same even though it was stuck on a different screen. I wasted a day and a half(about 20 hours) without getting anywhere. Returned it for refund. I think products like this have to rouburst, and easy to install. However when messing with the registry of the OS, it can get very tricky for different brand/type of computers.
4 ||| Being a sci fi fan and read Lord of the Rings when I was teen, I was amazed that this young author could hold my interest for so long. I'm disappointed that I have to wait until 08/05 to get book 2. Eragon is well written especially when it was written by someone so young. People who critize this book should think first, I would like you to sit down and write out a well rehearsed book with chapters that intrigue and make you read on and on. I couldn't put the book down. Yes there are elfs and dwarves as in Lord of the Rings, but it is a truly different book, and they way he writes about Shapira, does make me wish to read more. I truly truly loved it, and I'm no teenager, being 40'sh myself, who has read thousands of books over the years, I give it 2 thumbs up. Keep up the good work, and I recommend anyone to buy this book.
4 ||| this product is amazing i took it camping and loved every minute of it ... it is a great product and very comfortable... the pictures show it to have a manual inflating pump like most inflatables but this one does not have that port. Not a huge deal just thought needs to be exactly what is in picture but the actual mattress is amazing and i would definately buy one again
0 ||| I've read all of Clancy's books and the last few have become slow reading bores. I use to wait with eagerness for his next book. After attempting Bear which I gave up within 250 pages, i'm threw with him. TO LONG, TO BORING! Let him teach @ Annapolis or West Point or Harvard but his fiction is so bad compared to Hunt for Red October or Clear and Present Danger. I just hate his books have developed into a insomniacs cure.
3 ||| Standing on the sholders of Giants is Oasis new Album and it finds the Gallager brothers in pretty gloomy mood. this said some tracks hint at past glories like the single Go Let It Out and Who Feels Love other tracks are pretty cold and moody but this album (30mins shorter than Be Here Now) is a tight impressive album that shows increasing maturity and direction something that was distinctly lacking from their last album and shows them back with the spark that made them the band of the 90s.
3 ||| Este , sem dvida, um dos melhores livros que eu j li, sendo ao mesmo tempo leve e profundo, srio e divertido, popular e acadmico. Recomendo para todos aqueles que gostem de ler um bom livro, daqueles que no conseguimos largar at chegar a ltima pgina. Indispensvel a qualque biblioteca.
3 ||| I thoroughly found this movie to be genuinely warm and appealing. It has real story and it is not too negative. Save for when Parker undisguised doesn't help the guy getting mugged. How about just calling for the police, Peter? I found the villain to have just enough scren time, anymore would have been sickening. A good movie through and through with the above exception. I enjoyed the bloopers on the DVD too. Watch them after you see the completed work though.
1 ||| For some reason I thought this novel was for adults although in retrospect looking at the cover should have told me otherwise. Set in the South, North Carolina, it is the story of Jim who never knew his father. The guy died at 23 of a heart attack, and his widow remained faithful to him, never considering remarriage. However, Jim has the love and support of his three unmarried--bachelor?--uncles. They live on a farm, and this is a sort of coming-of-age story. Quite possibly adolescents might like it. But it is a dull, dull read.
0 ||| this book is uneventful and is savage, it ends poorly and overall I think it is really bad. If you really get into the philospphy behind this book, you'll find its almost depressing. On top of it, it is unrealistic.
2 ||| While the quality on this set is great, it's not complete. There are at least six more shorts that do not appear on the two DVDs. I have heard that a fan-produced collection will bring those to DVD, along with at least one episode of "The Secret Lives of Walter Kitty" that almost got an official DVD release earlier this year.
0 ||| I hated, hated, hated this book. It came highly recommended and I voluntarily (and rather enthusiastically) picked it up. There has never been a main character I have been more disgusted by, a storyline that has been less interesting, and a writing style that has been more obnoxious. I would burn it if it weren't borrowed.
4 ||| This was ordered for someone as a gift. He is very happy with it in every regard. Can't do better than that..
4 ||| This movie is legendary and very influential. The style is great, music adds to the tension, and I like the killer's eye view from behind the mask, that was brilliant. The trip to the mental hospital was scary, from then on you know nobody is safe. The last half of the movie is very well done, Michael Myers is no Jason Voorhees but he can still cause a lot of mayhem. Part 2 is just as good.
4 ||| Daughters of Darkness is quite possibly the best book in the new NIGHT WORLD series by L. J. Smith. It does not just revolve around one supernatural being or one singular person, it has interesting information on the werewolves of the NIGHT WORLD and the plot line is out of sight. I own all of the books in the series (Up untill Soulmate that is) and so far Daughters of Darkness is the best one. I only hope the following books in this wonderful series are as great as this one!!
2 ||| The song list preview that amazon has for this cd is INCORRECT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This particular cd does not have "The way you do the things you do" or "Here I am".Okay,here is the exact songlist for this cd:1 Red Red Wine2 Kingston Town3 Higher Ground4 King5 Cherry Oh Baby6 I Got You Babe7 Come Back Darling8 One In Ten9 The Earth Dies Sreaming10 Watchdogs11 Don't Break My Heart12 Can't Help Falling In Love13 Sing Our own Song14 Tell Me It's True15 Rat In My Kitchen16 Bring Me Your Cup17 Light My Fire18 If It happens Again19 Food For Thought20 Many Rivers To CrossThere you have it folks,now you can decide if you want this cd or not :-)
3 ||| I bought these socks primarily b/c I recently purchased the Fila Skele-toes. These socks fit great with them. It takes a tad longer than putting on regular socks but that is expected.
2 ||| Typically this is the type of movie I'd hate. And this one wasn't good, as far as the story goes. The actors: I've seen very limited a selection of their other works and I assume from this that they can't really act outside of these types of characters too well. However, I happen to own this movie, watch it regularly, and Love it. It can't be explained. There are many, many scenes worth fast-forwarding, but basically the boys are very good looking (I don't feel the same way about the "hot chicks", though) and make a good, convincing pair. The movie is watchable up until the end of the middle, but then it gets silly.
2 ||| I really had higher hopes for this book...it was ok, but nothing that I have to pass on as a "must-read". I gave it a three, because it's just that...average. Very well written and thought through, but no real high lights. Towards the end I just couldn't wait to get done with it. It could have been great, just never quite made it.
3 ||| The title says it all. Take the authors advice. If your an advanced programmer go elsewhere, but if not (probably most of us) definitely use the book. I wrote my first simple Be program the same day I started reading the book. I can't imagine simpler explanations for what is a difficult subject.
4 ||| I fell in love with the cartoon version of this movie as a child. Now, as a teenager I can appreciate the book all the more, and I thoroughly enjoy every moment of Bilbo's adventure. 5 big ol' stars!
4 ||| my all time favorite album, i play it almost everyday. if you are comtemplating the purchase of your first ella fitzgerald cd, this is great place to start. it is beautiful music that any adult listener can enjoy.a fine collection of jazz and pop standards sung with incredible beauty. it must have been a songwriters dream to have ella sing one of your compositions.she respects the melody and composers intentions while still improvising with taste and imagination.while difficult any cuts my favorites are there's a lull in my life, i tought about you and what's new. trust me, you will love it.
1 ||| I know many people will terrorize our neighborhoods for saying this, but it wasn't the number one book we have ever read. Sure it was okay but it was predictable and shallow. The characters weren't endearing. So we could care less about them.This book is a mockery of romance, adventure and drama. But if you like parodies you have our blessing dive right in. Don't waste your money, borrow it.
4 ||| I bought it for my husband who is an artist. It works perfectly. Sharpens to a point quickly. He had been havingproblems with other sharpeners, but really loves this one.
2 ||| This book was interesting. It is written at about a fourth grade reading level. The book isvery predictable. Halfway through, I knew what the ending would be, and I was correct. THe characters are easy to relate too. Daneille Steel develops the characters and their relationships well. Overall, I give 3-stars.
2 ||| This cornbread is not as sweet as I would like. I used paper muffin cups when I made it and half the muffin stuck to the paper so that was a bummer. I think I like my mom's homemade GF cornbread better.
2 ||| I thought some of the back story was slightly interesting, but the investigator characters seemed under defined. A few details of the story placed it in the 1950s, but I really didn't feel engrossed in the plot. I think it was a so-so read.
4 ||| This could very well be one of the best movies ever made. I have grown up with it and think that it has probably made me a better person. In all seriousness though, I truly do enjoy this movie and find it very entertaining. It has an amazing plot that truly grips the viewer. This movie must not be overlooked by anyone who truly enjoys a well-made movie. Me and my friends like this movie so much that we had the poster hanging in our dorm room and know every word of the movie. This is all that I can say to support one of my favorite movies, and I hope you get a chance to watch it.
1 ||| I was really looking forward to putting peel twists in mixed drinks, but it's incredibly hard* to make anything over 1cm long with this tool. My friends tried too and they couldn't get anything substantial either. Zesting is fine, although it's much more time-consuming to do with this than with a microblade.* (I should add that I'm no bodybuilder, but still)
3 ||| I was suprised to notice I had not seen this movie when I read the reviews. Considering the number of similar titles and themes, it it was easy to overlook, I suppose. This does separate itself from its peers in that the characters are more than cardboard cutouts, and there is less focus on the "kill" and more on the suspense. The story itself is really well done and there is a logic to it, though it does follow a similar format to other revenge themes. While the special effects are hardly special, they are not necessary when the story is compelling enough to hold your attention. Certainly an enjoyable flick for those (like me) who enjoy the occasional slasher film from the recent past with a bit of a twist.
3 ||| i tryed them on and they fit well. other than that i havent worn them. Im saving them for my wedding day. Im a boxerman but needed a sexy pair for my wedding. they make my package look good. I hope the ole lady likes them.
2 ||| I was nine years old in 1974 when this picture came to film in Oroville, California. I'm a native of Oroville. Although the quality of the performance of the main characters leaves much to be desired,It leaves a good feeling when I view the picture now to see some scenes in Oroville (and some surrounding areas) that have REALLY changed over the past thirty three years. Many of the extras I know along with the memory of one Saturday when a scene was filming downtown were the Butte County Courthouse was once located.
1 ||| How would you react to the inevitable destruction of all life by a slowly encroaching radioactive cloud? I can imagine a multitude of responses.The author seems content to explore a few simple variations of the same damned theme: remain calm and pleasant and display a simple-minded way of not accepting reality. It's not even a very interesting theme. Even in the our current age of peace and prosperity, there isn't that kind of homogeneity.If group reaction to extinction intriguing topic to you, I'd recommend you read Camus' "The Plague". If nuclear war is your particular interest, then try "The Last Ship".
1 ||| This seemed like a great book in the store, but save your money. It's really just a marketing tool to self-diagnose and buy LOTS of supplements and eat in ways that are impossible for the ordinary person.If you have thousands of dollars of expendable income for supplements and organic foods plus the price of this book, then it's for you. If not, look in other places.
4 ||| Very informative book. I have not yet tried some of the more advanced features like setting up a web server, mail server, ftp, etc., but this book makes getting up and running and performing basic functions a cinch! Book includes ver. 2.2 on CD, but I bought ver 2.3 to work with. Can't tell much difference on the surface. Installed perfectly the first time and detected ALL of my hardware properly and installed drivers right the first time--still waiting on a MS product that will do this. This version is unique in that it has a full-featured Novell Netware client, the setup of which the book explains very well.
0 ||| Halfway through this season I found myself thinking that none of the competitors were anywhere near Gordon Ramsey Executive Chef caliber. One guy seemed close, but I honestly wondered, "How is Ramsay going to deal with this?". Well, the winner just seemed to come out of nowhere and exhibited nothing more than really solid line-cooking skills. Not surprisingly, the winner ended up not getting the gig after all. After watching the finale, I went back to episode one to review the 'signature dish' challenge. The winner's dish was a pathetic, misguided, clumsy mess. How does one go from that, to the stellar winning dishes that come out later? I expect a little bit of 'fakeness', but man, this season really bummed me out.
1 ||| I bought this book to keep my son, who just finished fourth grade, interested in math and to allow him to maintain progress starting from what he had learned over the previous year. The book promised fun problems that would not take long to complete.The problems in the book were essentially the same type of exercises as my son had been assigned in school over the prior two years, by which he had been bored. They were neither particularly interesting nor conceptually challenging. My son read a few and had no interest in doing them. I looked through the book to find two somewhat conceptually interesting exercises (which I still did not find all that interesting) and told my son he should do those. He did them within 30 seconds. That the was the last time he looked at the book.In short the book did not help maintain my son's interest in math over the summer.
0 ||| Steinbeck took a skim across America to find new places and people to DRINK with.... Then filled more boring pages with ego, which he had to highlight with descriptions of where/how his dog urinated on things.
1 ||| When I first heard about this film I would visit Pendragon's web site every day in anticipation of the movies release. I was disapointed when the release date was put back, but encouraged when I discovered the delay was in order to improve the special effects. Pendragon was promoting an epic to rival the production of the Lord of the Rings.When the movie was released I had to import a copy from the USA as it's not available in the UK.The movie follows the book very close, but those extra special effects are the worst I've ever seen. They are not just low budget they have been produced with the least effort. Dr Who in the 70's at least attempted to make what you saw believable!The begining of the movie is very detailed and the end of it is thrown together. As the movie goes on the effects get worse. Please read some of the other reviews. I'm afraid the bad ones tell it like it is!
2 ||| Imagine you're in a pub in Dublin, and a regular has started talking to you. The combined amount of beer in both of you makes it difficult to understand much of what he's saying, but every once in a while there's a moment of clarity where you get it. You laugh not only at what's said but at yourself for the situation you're in. In the meantime you can only stare gape-mouthed at the beauty of the sounds he makes and in hopes that another moment of clarity is near.It is easy to get frustrated with this book if you can't get comfortable with its style.
3 ||| This book is mostly based on a fantasy world with fantasy people. For anyone that enjoys to reading those types of books I would recommend. I enjoyed the thirteen dwarves and how they identified their own personalities. My most favorite person would have to have been Gandalf,the wizard. He was the one who had been experienced on the journeys and felt settled when they were faced with another conflict or situation. And without him this journey would have never begun in the first place. In chapter four for example there was an incident
3 ||| I found a Philadelphia Catholic in King James' Court to be a very insightful book. This book talks about the struggles a boy undergoes when he is confronted by his uncle who just so happens to be a Biblical Fundamentalist. His uncle tries to show the boy that being a Biblical Fundamentalist is the proper way to worship and that he should join him as a Fundamentalist at his church. This book is a great book to read if you are trying to find your faith as a Catholic.
2 ||| DJ clue did his thing with this one. All the top names in the hip hop industry are here: Jay-Z, Nas, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Lil Kim and even a new comer (Billy Bathgate). This album hits you hard from the start. I found myself a little overwhelmed with all of this new music from some of my favorite artist. But unfortunately, after the third listen... the album lost its' flare with me. I only listen to certain songs and I find that I'am skipping too many to say that this is an excellent album. My advice....if your not a hard credit and you just want some new music...this should do you well.
0 ||| I'll go out on a limb here as probably the ONLY person who totally loathed this movie. Let's see...it was annoyingly predictable from beginning to end, poorly acted--and that's saying something for Keanu Reeves, and the "action" sequences, if they can be called that, were uninspiring at best. I'm not sure where all the described adrenalin rushes were coming from, but you'd have to be painfully wound up already to get them from this flick. About the only redeeming thing about his picture(if you're a woman,anyway)is seeing Mr. Reeves looking fairly buff. The only reason I give this a star at all is because you can't get out of the review field without one. This isn't a good "bad" movie, it's just plain bad.
2 ||| Democratic Centralism, the whys and wherefores along with history and positions detailing the split within the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. Some of the references that Lenin makes would have been easily known in his time though for us, checking the writings of Karl Kautsky and Plekhanov are recommended as with most of Lenin's works. If one cannot find the works of the above mentioned see [...]
2 ||| Very nice product. I like the colors and style but since when do you have giraffes in the rainforest?Not very educational for your kid ehh....
4 ||| This book is OUTSTANDING. It's a great reference tool for both the beginning student and the Instructor of T'ai Chi. I personally recommend this book to ALL of my T'ai Chi students. I have been teaching Yang Style T'ai Chi (48 step and 108 step) for the past 13 years, and am proud to be listed in the directory of this very fine book. This book promotes ALL styles of T'ai Chi. It encourages students to find a suitable class, and helps them to do so. Keep up the good work, Bill! We Love ya!
3 ||| As an educator, I absolutely adore the inclusiveness portrayed in this book. So many books today which include characters with a disability, spend so much time trying to teach about a specific disability, or trying to impart a message of acceptance, that they forget the storyline. This certainly can't be said about Russ' books. If it weren't for the pictures, we wouldn't even know that Russ has Down syndrome and that's exactly how I like it- disability naturally.
3 ||| "Sleeping Beauty" is one of my grandchildren's favorite Disney movies. I have had it on VHS for years, but decided to replace it with a DVD. The color is wonderful on the DVD and the sound is better by far. As everyone knows, it's a classic.
2 ||| Opens cans fine. Not the comfort grip I expected.Chinese components...I've seen this type in retailstores since ordering this for half the price.
2 ||| I loved the original of this movie by Brian DePalma. I own it and have watched it a number of times and still enjoy it. It is very original, tense and macabre.This remake is lacking a bit. They took some liberties with the story, which didn't make a big difference until the ending. That's where everything took too big of a turn for my liking. They completely missed the point of the serum and left doors open for a follow up (which I hope they don't do).All acting was done well. Sets were very good and cameras where excellent. No fast forwarding or multiple images, they kept it clean, which I do appreciate.The music... that's another story. It didn't fit. It didn't help to build or keep tension as in the original. Another big piece of the puzzle missing.I would recommend this movie only if you've seen the original. Otherwise, wait until it comes to television, which shouldn't be long.
4 ||| ... & excellent translation. My husband and I love to read and learn the Bible even more now that we have an Amplified Bible. The Joyce Meyer one is esp. good w/ her Life Points etc.
3 ||| I got this book to learn how to use an exercise ball. It was good for such basic knowledge, but I have to buy another book for more advanced exercises on the ball. This book does have a few exercises that are a bit challenging, but not enough.The best part was the exercise on the the book's cover: draping yourself over the ball. It really helps to expand my spine so that it cures a backache in minutes! Amazing but true!There's a DVD in the back of the book. Those exercises are even more easy than the ones in the book. If you want really easy exercises (why do them?), this is the book and DVD for you.
2 ||| Twain, Mrs. Clemens and John Brown were dear friends. Twain speaks of him constantly in his autobiography. I bought this story - it is much too brief to call it a book - on his recommendation. The story of Allie's surgery is amazing. Her courage, as depicted, at undergoing such an ordeal is awe-inspiring. His description of the wild young men of his youth is generously and wisely written. The whole tale may take you only twenty minutes to read, but Allie and John Brown will make an impreession, for sure.
4 ||| Little known fact :Dumas was paid by his Royal benefactor "By the Line":Hence his novels tended to be Very Long. But in the Count of Monte Cristo this is just More of a Good Thing. This novel of over 1000 pages is to be savored for its many attributes. The characters seem to come to life as The Count goes thru his trials and tribulations. This has it all: Adventure,suspense,joy, tragedy ,Love , hate and Let's not forget Revenge. This book is a great read and if you take the easy way and read another abridged version then you are not savoring a mouth watering chocolate moose but settling for a cardboard tasting diet cookie.
0 ||| Okay, now, in all fairness to this movie, I didn't watch the entire thing. I couldn't. I sat through the first several hours, and it was slow and tedious. I didn't care about any of the characters, and there was no action whatsoever. Five or six hours in, a pseudo-interesting thing happened involving a the cabin-boy, I think. That kept me watching for a while longer. But hour 10, I gave up. I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen; and I'd grown to loathe all of the characters. I'd also grown a beard. It was looong.-SteveSteve5805@yahoo.comEdit: oh come on people, two people said this review wasn't helpful? I dared to say what no one else would: that this movie is long. And mundane. And dull. Well, I didn't say those other two things, but it was sort of implied.
2 ||| If you've listened to any of his previous records or heard him on the daily show, you'll have heard most of this before. This isn't saying that it isn't funny. It's just been rehashed a few too many times
3 ||| Sawdust and Tinsel is not an exceptional work by Ingmar Bergman. But still it is highly praised by many fans who love his specific cinematic expression. At the beginning of the film, there is a near-perfection scene, taking the best from the German silent cinema of 30's. Harriet Andersson's performance is very good and the rest of the cast is also quite good. Solid Bergman.
3 ||| I liked RENT, But then again I only saw it once, except when I watch the beginning when they sing Seasons of change. Angel was so cute, you know the guy who played angel anyways. But in all it was a great movie that made me cry a whole lot.
0 ||| This is the WORST Star Trek movie EVER made. Don't waste your time or money on this!
1 ||| Yeah, nice packaging. But content... something is lacking and I'm not sure what it is. I didn't get bored watching this film, but I didn't get very excited either. I think I chuckled twice, both times at Pitt's character. This film just seemed like vanilla... nothing particlularly bad about it, but nothing particularly good about it either. Bland...
4 ||| For those who love Secret of the Ruby Ring, love, (relatively realistic) time travel and Yvonne MacGrory, this a the perfect book for you!Martha and the Ruby Ring is the story of Martha, the grandmother of Lucy, and her story of her dealings with the ruby ring. Martha made her wish on the ring to go to a fancy ball, so be careful what you wish for... But Martha had a much better life when she made the journey back to early Ireland, being presented as a visiting cousin of a well to do family. There she falls in love with a young man named Andrew, and has quite an adventure trying to recover the ring that she lost and get home to present day, as well as enjoying a gand ball. The end is a charming surprise, and very touching. I hope you enjoy this book as much as the first one, and also a well written work of Yvonne MacGrory. Enjoy!!
3 ||| I read the book and I saw the movie on TV as a child. I loved them both. I was a bit hesitant to buy the DVD, thinking as an adult I would find it childish and boring. (The main reason I bought it is that the Sons of Liberty song kept going through my head.) In fact, I was entertained and pleased. It's important to keep in mind that this was created as a two-part TV show in the 1950's, so the story is highly condensed and sanitized (for instance, a major character in the book has a better outcome in the movie). Still, it makes a great companion to the book, and I can very well imagine a young person seeing this DVD and wanting to read the book and - - wonder of wonders - - maybe other books about the American Revolution. I should mention that the sets and costumes are amazing. You won't see quality of that sort in a modern TV show.
2 ||| Worked great in the beginning, but now not as much. Still helps and is FAR better than drugging him, I just wish it were a little more effective.
0 ||| You'd think with the money of Disney and modern filmmaking technology that a studio could make a great version of this classic book. Alas, it is not to be with this version of Red Fern.The seeming little things get glossed over like the impact of Billy's first trip into the city. Would it be so hard to shoot the fire escape scene or the ladies laughing at Billy in town? Those things made Billy's character ring true in the book...And the emotional connection between Billy and the dogs is almost non-existent.Good casting and the opening scene is almost directly from the book...After that scene I had high hopes...This film just doesn't quite make it.
2 ||| This book is one of the stock-market classics of all-times!However, if you think it will give you a system that you can copy and paste and then run on a computer you are very very wrong!I do not know if Darvas results were real..But if they were..they worked during a bull market. It's a little bit harder to trade using his approach in a downward market, but it is not impossible. I read his second book, and according to it after several years had passed after 1960 his account was still around 2.4-2.6 mln which is not a big annualized percentage increase.The approach is still valid today. It's called trend-following.
0 ||| It takes a lot for me to dislike a product, but these are terrible! After a half hour the diaper would sag and look like it was extremely wet, when in reality there was hardly anything in it. They don't seem to hold much before leaking, even doubling the diapers for overnight still doesn't prevent leakage. Definitely, not something I will ever purchase again no matter how good the price is.
0 ||| How far the mighty fell. The first film in this series was an amazing take on the tired cop genre, finally giving the world a protagonist cop who was not some boring stoic or wise-cracking good guy. Riggs was dark, disturbed and suicidal. By the third installment the whole tone of the films changed to this mindless dreck. If only one could excise the last two Lethal Weapon movies.
1 ||| I've listened to this album repeatedly, and I just don't like it. Why should I settle for a band with very little musical talent? There are so many other bands that have good songwriting AND talent to spare that I don't see the point of dripping praise upon Andy Warhol.I wonder if anybody has ever compared Velvet Underground to Phish. I think this comparison perfectly demonstrates the difference between bands with opposite levels of talent. Both have the appeal of a band that never made a deliberate effort to become popular.I realize that a lot of people really like this album, but I think it's completely ridiculous to call it the best album ever. Do you realize what sort of competition is out there? If this tops everything that Led Zeppelin (or a hundred other good bands) ever did, then I must just be crazy.
0 ||| This so-called book on dyspepsia is a joke. Barely readable because of the print. I've sent it back to the company and I'm waiting for a refund.
4 ||| I have read and enjoyed many a good Sherlock Holmes story (e.g. "The Red-Headed League" is a winner), but at the very top of the book stack I would place "The Hound of the Baskervilles". Who could ever forget the atmosphere that Arthur Conan Doyle evokes by his use of those misty moors!In teaching English (Literature) to a class of 7th & 8th grade boys, I was at first a bit hesitant to introduce this novel as our text. Would a group of squirrelly junior high boys find anything of interest in a book written in 1901? Answer: I needn't have worried. They loved it (and so did I)! The fog from the moors drifted right into our classroom.First-rate mystery tale with one of the most famous fictional characters ever created. ENJOY! (But keep an eye out for a frightful luminescent hound next time you're walking home at night - just in case).
2 ||| Started out good but the plot never developed fully. No insight into the killer's mind. And the end just happened as though she just needed to stop before she wrote more than a certain number of pages -- plus the ending was predictable. Once again, her niece comes to the rescue.
3 ||| The case and the cover insert was sorta ratted up, which was not in the bio of the one we bought. But the game seems to play well. My boyfriend has actually stopped playing, because "its to hard". But hes irrelevant!
1 ||| If you haven't seen Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead this movie might seem original. If you have seen one or more of the above classic horror movies, it will seem, because it is, totally derivative. Either way, the movie is awful. Insights should arise from the characters and story. The character and story should not be used to force insights down the audiences throat. We know that zombies aren't necessaily worse than people after we see 28 Days Later, because Danny Boyle has been jamming that idea down our throats for two hours.I gave the movie two stars instead of zero mostly because of the way the movie was shot. The distorted frames, the views of an abandoned London were all visually interesting. Ultimately, though, the movie is a failure. A contrived plot with a corny, phony script contribute to a moviegoing experience that is not that scary and leaves a bad taste in one's mouth.
3 ||| I was introducted to this book as a student at DeVry Institute of Technology located in Dallas, TX. While this book is not adequate for those with no knowledge of relational database methodology of SQL experience, it is a great reference and tutorial for those who have prior knowledge of basic SQL. The book provides many examples of coding, along with guides illustrating debugging techniques. For those interested in SQL or an introduction into relational databases, I suggest both the Modern Database Management book (ISBN: 0-8053-6054-9) and the LAN Times Guide to SQL book (ISBN: 0-07-882026-X).
3 ||| This is a great book. I've read about 10 King books and this rates in the top third for sure. I think one of my favorite things about this book is how unique it is for King.For example, part of the plot occurrs in the "Dreamworld" - aliens come from outer space, etc. Loved the X-filesesque vibe too.It's complex though, and as you can see below, the unintelligent have had a rough time with this book. But stick with it. It's really a great one. It has a very riveting and satisfying final 100 pages too.Well worth your time!(p.s. I grade King on a curve - if this wasn't a King book, I'd give it 5 stars)
4 ||| This is a very well written personal story about this most awful period in our world's history.
1 ||| Well, being a ratherly "old" movie I guess that certain scenes for the time were "obscene", but compared to the movie "the Image" (our first Metzger film) it really sucks! The backround noise is terrible! When they are not talking you have to turn down the volume due to the "backround shhhhhhh noise".The movie is about the "life stories" of two working girls (one in Paris and one in Munich), it gives a pretty good inside view of their "daily routines".Don't expect any hardcore scenes! The best you get is 3 pairs of "boobies", but for the time I guess that was already very "daring"!THe stories are ok.... if you like the 60's..
1 ||| The previous Generation 1 XBox game allowed players to rack up points by crashing. There's no more intentional crashing. This game has become much more of a racing game. The open design means that you have to use a GPS to find your way around while racing. You just have to drive around looking for street lights until you find the event you want. I don't want bother looking at a stupid GPS while I'm trying to race--it's too distracting. I've beaten the game on all levels but there was far more frustration than fun along the way. Also, finding stunt jumps during the "stunt" events is very difficult under pressure. I'm not sure why EA insists on making things more complicated when games are supposed to be fun. I'll go back to Burnout when the game designers get a clue.
1 ||| Marilyn Manson probably should have quit music after his crowning achievement, Antichrist Superstar. At least that way the Mechanical Animals embarassment would never happened. Golden Age of Grotesque is proof that Manson at the very least should have called it quits after Holy Wood. Everything here is derivative, not just of Manson's past music but the themes of other performers today. It's pretty obvious that this is the artist wallowing in his self-magnificence and nothing to please the fans who have put Manson where he is today. Buy it if you have a compulsion to own every Manson recording, but even then I'd get it used. Of course, this album sounds like it's been pretty used already, and not in a fun way.
1 ||| A fairly typical who dunnit. I found it almost boring. I would have like more. But, there is already too much of this genre.
0 ||| This 1963 entry from Jones during his big band days was a major disappointment for me. The treatments of 'One Note Samba' and 'Taste of Honey' are lead balloons. What really mystifies is why the very great LP, 'Quincy plays Mancini' from the same year, was not reissued instead of this disaster. On that record, Quincy does poignant arrangements of "Dreamsville" and "Mr Lucky", plus the haunting "Soldier in the Rain", that have been unavailable for over 30 years. Get with it Mercury and reissue the Right Stuff!!!
1 ||| I went into this film thinking that I would see an unorthodox film involving sex. I've seen many films that could fit this description such as "Happiness" by Todd Solondz and "Romance" by Catherine Breillat, but unlike those films, I failed to see a point in this one.The sex scenes were extremely grotesque in their graphic and perverse nature, especially the scene involving sodomy.I can't say I would reccommend this film to anyone. The reason that it gets 2 stars out of 5 is because I think Marlon Brando was very convincing and entertaining, I just failed to see the point in this film as a whole and therefore I cannot give it a good rating.
1 ||| Didn't wear well- fabric isn't as good as prior pair. Hopefully things will go back as they were, I loved the first pair, and they lasted 2 years with 6 days per week walking!
2 ||| This book did reinforce my conviction that my baby can grow up perfectly healthy on a whole foods vegeterian/vegan diet (I don't eat any meat and am lactose intolerant and it appears that he is too). However, the book did not provide nearly enough information to guide me in planning a healthy diet for him. It said which foods COULD be introduced when, but not which ones SHOULD be. It did not address complementing as opposed to replacing breastmilk while introducing solids. I am a working mother, but still breastfeeding my 10 mo. old baby 3-4 times a day (including pumping), and am at in dispute with the day-care doctor who says my baby does not get enough protein (At the day care they normally introduce meat at 7-8 months). I expected to find more information on QUANTITIES of solid foods and certain nutrients (protein and others) babies need at what age.
1 ||| I found the text to suffer from poor OCR conversion from the original work. To be of value, the author or publisher should proofread the book.
0 ||| very bad customer service.my mother who is 86 years old bought one for her grandson who happens to be in the Army. She entered the wrong address on the order. She called aerogarden immeidately and Aerogarden customer service told her to order a second one and to fix the address problem on the second order. Aerogarden could have EASILY rerouted the order to the correct address--she called within 10 minutes of placing the order. They forced her to order a second one and then they made her pay for the freight to return it to them. poor customer service all around. very unhelpful.
0 ||| this case looks nice and feels tough but it does not fit on the phone. the buttons do not match up on it and it presses the camera button down constantly. poor design. very disappointed.
2 ||| For 4 months already I'm doing what the author explained in the book. I think I should stop because, first of all I did not gained any height, and now I see that it was written by the guy who goes not know much about all this. Now I understand that the book does not have to be larger and nicer to be more usefull.
4 ||| My son had been looking for this old movie for nearly a year. I told him I could probably find it on Amazon.com so I went to look and sure enough, there it was so I ordered it for him. I am not a big Mario Bros fan but my son sure is happy with the movie.
4 ||| "Thunder,Lightning,Strike" by The Go! Team is one of the most unique sounding albums I have brought in recent years. I am not a fan of hip-hop but The Go! Team's take on 80s-style-break-beats-theme-show-marching-band-cartoon-piano sounds make me want to howl at the moon w/ joy. The standout track for me is "The Power Is On" talk about putting the Destiny's Child track "Lose My Breathe" to shame this track is so energize I want to dance even in my car when I hear it. "Bottle Rocket" is amazing and I love Ninja's old school party-rocking rhymes. Track #12 I heard incorporates a kazoo as the main instrument which is strange and delightful at the same time. I am glad that music like this exist in such a pop manufactured industry too bad it took musicians from Brighton, England to muster up the confidence to blend all realms of music together. Maybe w/ this record other musicians will take notice.
1 ||| Like other reviewers, I had the same problem with the second disc. I sent it back not ONCE but TWICE, so in all I tried 3 copies of the movie, and the second disc still would not work on any copy. This movie is great, but DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION, unless you want a DVD that doesn't work. They really need to fix this problem.
3 ||| I have several of these Videos and like them. This one is very hard to follow because it is done in a MAll setting - hard to hear Leslie's instructions and get the beat and so much video confustion/distraction looking all around the MALL. Great she had that much of an audience but like the videos from the studio much better.
0 ||| Pay the extra $6-thou and forget these lousy knock offs. To the manufacturer's credit, though, they shipped immediately upon reception of my first born child.
4 ||| Another one of Lois L'Amours work, truly enjoyed it. I would recommend this book to readers who enjoy a westerns.
1 ||| I was looking for the SACD version which I entered into the search. This is the disk that came up so I purchased it. Disappointed to find it was a remastered standard red book CD. Next time I will use a more reputable music source as to not be mislead. I would think that if I entered the the title and SACD it would not show anything if the match was not exact.
2 ||| 3 reasons why this could have been better.1. "the touch" MTV music video is missing and has never been released2. The interviews could have been more extensive. At this point the voice actors are the most interesting, mysterious factoid left to exploit. Who are they? are they still alive? What are they doing now and will they be involved in the next film?3. Sorta changing lanes but.... Why didn't Sony BMG re-release the soundtrack remastered on CD?
2 ||| Was told by online puppy seller that I would need this product when I received my new puppy. My vet says it is mostly sugar and my dog does not need this product. So I regret my purchase. I also purchased the version for older dogs based on the seller's recommendation. Shame on me.
3 ||| I bought this because my girls kept watching the movie on satelite but not alwyas catching the whole thing. They love it. And I love singing along to the songs - which they don't love.
3 ||| Now that my synopsis line has made everyone mad, let's be open minded. This is a good film. Definately one of the best that the first half of this century has to offer. But really, a "perfect film" as it has been called so often? What about the poorly timed and ineffectively executed fist slamming scene Bogart has during his late night drinking binge? There are hundreds of problems like that with this film; little things and big things that permeate this film. Again, I thought it was good, but I can count dozens of movies off the top of my head that I enjoyed a LOT more. The dialogue is good, the acting is good, the visuals are good, the movie is good.The DVD is worth having. It's clean, it's pretty, and it has some neat stuff on it. But please, can we get off the "perfect film" thing?
0 ||| I bought this product due to the good reviews on this site. What a mistake! It's the same quality as the peeler my husband bought from Family Dollar for 1 dollar... What an incredible waste of money! I still can't believe I payed almost 8 dollars for this piece of junk. I would give it zero stars if I could.
3 ||| I really like the feel of the stiff brushes, but my arm reach isn't so great and have a bit of trouble getting to all of my back. Would like a bit longer handle and with a curve would definitly make it easier. Wood gets a bit funky also with age.
3 ||| book helped me with what i needed to accomplish.Got the job done and couldnt of done it without it
3 ||| This is an action file. Russell Crowe is excellent as Maximus, but the film has an overly weedy villain who lets the film down. I have no doubt that most people will enjoy this and for good reason: Fantastic battle set-pieces, Exciting, it doesn't really seem three hours long, stunning backdrops and realistic locations, Great performance by Crowe, probably deserving the Best Actor he received, So enjoy but don't expect much more than a fantastic three hours fun with little to think about.
2 ||| The film is 5 stars, my complaint is the transfer. Despite the higher resolution it only looks marginally better than on DVD. I even played it on my 1080p computer monitor thinking the problem might have been my 720p television but it had the same problems. The picture is too soft, almost as if it wasn't filmed in HD (but of course it was) and there were specs on the screen as if I was watching it in an old movie house. Hopefully they will release a better transfer of the DVD and give those of us who bought this a discount on it :)
1 ||| This DVD would've gotten 5 stars if not for the following flaws, the english voice acting is AWFUL (a trademark of ADV). Secondly the audio language gets screwed up in the 2nd episode (it goes from Japanese to French). If you're a fan of the Harlock series, BUY IT! But please to really get the most out of it, play it in Japanese with english subtitles. I couldn't watch for 5 minutes in english audio without feeling sick...
4 ||| Very good movie, slow at times, but the punchlines is where they keep you watching. Would only recommend this movie if you are a fan of dark comedy.
4 ||| I was a bit tentative that something that fits 3 different kinds of pipes would work well. I Install this on the cold water inlet on my water heater to keep the recirculation loop from backfeeding into the cold through a shower valve. I had the water drained for some other work I was doing and saved this for last. I did have to look up how far the pipe pushes into the fittign (which is 1") and then marked that, cut and de-burred the pipe and it pushed on with a little muscle.I turned the water back on it works like a charm. No leaks and fixed my backflowing issue. Alos like that you can easily remove it too. nice!
1 ||| The Macally PS-AC4 Power Adapter would not charge my PowerBook. I tested it with a multimeter, and found that it had an open lead.I contacted Amazon (even better, through their web site - no waiting on the phone or waiting for an email), and they shipped another.This second one had the same problem as the first.I contacted Amazon again for a refund.The product was junk, but the service was excellent!
3 ||| This book is interesting, and is recommended if one has not seen the movie, but unlike most books, it is not better than the movie. Much of the movie comes straight from the book, and no imagination can come up with a better giant than Andre the Giant. The parts of the book that deal with the same events as in the movie, but differ in details, are inferior to the portrayal of the events in the movie.The book certainly is humorous, but the constant interuptions of Goldman discussing the fictional Morgenstern get old quickly. Maybe some people find this great, but in my opinion, it just takes away from the story.Still, the book contains a lot to holds one's interest. It deals with pirates, dueling, torture, love, and many other things. It is full of action.
3 ||| as compared to the american version, this godzilla should've been in that movie because that is the image of a true monster, not a fake one. The story was good and the ending was great.
2 ||| I bought this video hoping to learn T'ai-Chi. I was disappointed in that it was not easy to follow and did not fully explain each movement. Don't misunderstand, I like David-Dorian Ross and I love his Budokon Beginning Practice DVD. This is good workout if you are familiar with basic T'ai Chi movements, but for step by step instruction I would recommend DVD's by Tiffany Chen or Terence Dunn.
1 ||| A lot of what was brought out, I have heard in the past. So, as a teenager or early 20s when you haven't heard a lot of the "single" talks, you will get a lot of insight from this book. It also helps to let you know that you can have a full life even as a single woman. Good Bible base, but several of the Ruth examples used, I felt were a little far fetched.
4 ||| Cool fish! Awesome, she loved it! These are my additional fourteen words.I like the word blurg and food because they are good
1 ||| The first 40 pages of the workbook had allready been completed in pen which made it very difficult to use.
1 ||| I LOVE Helen Hunt in anything she does but this movie was just downright boring to me. IMO it was not worth the time I watched it.
3 ||| I will make this short and sweet. If you want to draw Manga characters, and you mostly like to draw women, then this book is perfect for you. If you are an artist/good drawer and want to learn how to draw Magna characters, this is good for you. If you are a total beginner, then I would get another book as there are not many step by step pics.
0 ||| WEAK ADVICE by someone with no clue of the irrational situation in true Verbal Abuse. This is more of a self-help manual for normal relationships. Verbal Abuse is different -- you cannot stop the abuse, nothing will work. Abusers lack empathy. After I escaped a traumatic marriage, I read all I could, to deal with my pain and confusion. THIS BOOK IS USELESS -- do not read it! Especially if you're in trouble and need help. MUCH BETTER BOOKS EXIST to help you! "The Verbally Abusive Relationship" by Patricia Evans, and "Why Does He Do That? Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men" by Lundy Bancroft. Do reach out! We survivors are here, hoping you will soon choose to open your eyes, learn the facts, begin to love yourself, and realize how abnormal it is to be hurt by the one who should love and cherish you.
4 ||| The grips came exactly as I had expected them. They are sharp and easy to push and pull into corn because of the rubber grips. I am satisfied.
1 ||| There's nothing actually wrong with the cookie recipes in the book. However, they're hardly what I'd consider the all-time greatest cookie recipes ever, anywhere. The book is a big promotional piece for Nestle products -- I suppose that explains the presence of more pumpkin recipes than anyone could ever use. Also, the brandy snap recipe is line-for-line identical to the one in _The Joy of Cooking_, so I wonder where else some of the recipes originally came from. I didn't buy this for myself, and I'm glad that I didn't -- I have better things to spend my money on.
1 ||| I bought these horns thinking they would sound louder and more unique than a normal horn from the factory. These were upsetting because they came with no instructions on how to wire the relay, or the horns. The horns did not even come with wires, they just had standard wire connector ends on them. These did not impress me because I was expecting water resistant or waterproof connectors since these are mounted by the tire on my car. The unique sound I was expecting from a hella horn was not there, these sound exactly like factory horns you would find on your every day car. turns out if you want anything unique and loud you need to purchase the more expensive horns from hella.
3 ||| I have been using this work center for over a year and could not be happier. The stand is sturdy but easy to fold up an move if necessary. I bought several sets of base mounts and have used them to create a variety of bolt in place work surfaces. This kind of versatility is crucial in a small shop. I would buy this again.
3 ||| The Return of the Kings, the third book in the series, is a follow up of The Fellowship of the Ring, and The Two Towers. In this book, Aragorn must reveal his real identity. Legolas deals with his longing to go across the Sea to the Undying Lands, and Frodo must continue his journey to destroy the ring, with Sam's help. All in all, this is a great book
3 ||| Very clever premiss, caused me to look into the actual "Books of the Dead" which are simplistic yet provided the entire faith system for an ancient culture that dominates the world today. The mystery was fun to read and there were a few nice twists but as in "The DaVinci Code", the historical fiction far surpassed the story telling.
3 ||| As a previous owner of Reef's 'Smoothy' flip flops, I knew what to expect when I ordered these. These are great flip flops and will last several years if they aren't abused. Unfortunately, I seem to have received a bad pair. The left sandal is noticeably smaller than the right one. I thought that maybe I was just imagining things, but after wearing them for a few days, I can still notice it and it's quite annoying. I don't know if these come in different widths and I received a mixed pair or what. Either way, just be careful before you hastily rip the tags off of these. I'm being optimistic and hoping that the left sandal will feel better as they are broken in because they are great sandals otherwise!
1 ||| I got this cd because i heard it was a major influence to bands like metallica and megadeth, i though i would be getting some kick @$$ nwobhm metal in the vain of saxon, iron maiden or motorhead or even venom. instead what i got was a band thats sounds a little too much like thin lizzy. i don't get how these guys were so influential, don't get me wrong, i like their music, i thought the cd was pretty good strait forward 70's rock n roll, but thats it. this isn't "heavy" at all, this is comparable to most 70's areana rock. i write this as a warning so others wont be fooled like i have THIS ISN'T METAL AT ALL! this is just an average late 70's rock band, christ, aerosmith has put-out heavier music then this.
4 ||| I have read this book for years - over and over.... - I just love it! But I have been unable to find a hardback copy until now! Thank you! I will treasure the book.
3 ||| This book was a lot of fun to begin with, but I found the author's terse, supposedly humorous comments tedious after a while. The piano instruction portions are sound, however, and the CD provides a lot of jazzed up guidance and hints without being too overbearing. I'm not real sure that a pure beginner could learn to play from this book, but an advanced beginner to intermediate student would surely glean some useful hints from this book and have fun while doing so. I loved the author's section on how to improvise and improve a song ending. All in all, useful.
0 ||| The VCR does have alot of features but what good is it if the picture and audio are horrible? I bought this VCR about a year ago and have yet to enjoy a tape. Recording quality and playback both have problems with constant "snow" in the picture and static in the audio. I'd recommend steering clear of this product!
2 ||| Here we have Mc's signature spicily fused jazz jams, distilled through plastic production essence with fleeting moments of contained experimental brilliance.
0 ||| No Michael Myers, No point!This film is totally oblivious to the original series as this should not really be titled as a halloween sequel. It may have worked better if it had just been called SEASON OF THE WITCH minus the halloween 3 title. I'm collecting all the halloween films, but I will leave this one out. Very unimpressive. Fans will be dissapointed.
2 ||| I've read so many good reviews about this game.But I like Dreamfall better this one was to short.
0 ||| I am entering my disgust with the kindle version just to add another 1 star review. I was misled by reviews of the paper version and did not realize that the kindle version is unusable until I bought it.
1 ||| A plot and story that has been done before, better. Miserably bad acting: Tara Banks, Leanne Rymes. Only highlight: John Goodman. Better yet, rent something else.
1 ||| I do think the author has a valid message. Too many runners run without enough attention to their form. Unfortunately the book is overflowing with self-reported testimonials litered throughout. The constant repetition of what the author perceives to be core messages will insult your intelligence. It caused me great pain to try to avoid skipping entire pages for fear of missing an important message. The author is trying to sell way too hard, which makes for an unpleasurable reading experience. It left me with an aftertaste of having read an infomercial for a DVD, website and training courses. My recommendation to the autor: read Steven King's "On writing". The current form of writing must be be limiting the success of this book -preventing it from realizing its true potential. I cannot recommend it.
3 ||| For the most part, I enjoyed the book and learned a lot about this period in time. There were a few instances in the book that I didn't enjoy reading, but otherwise, it was good.
2 ||| In a way this is sci fi as at one point missing a train splitsthe life of Helen in two: one blond and one with here natural light brown hair.She seems to be attracted to tall and dark( the one fellow falls short of handsome?).Both appear to be cads, but the one fellow is actually alright.If you like Gwyneth Paltrow, you should like this movie,but i can't say there is a lot to make you want to see it.The love affairs are pretty dull even with the fighting.Paltrow has none of the sparks that one sees in her famous films:Shakespeare in Love (Miramax Collector's Series)orProof.I didn't much like the result.
2 ||| I really liked the historical aspect of the book. Though a work of fiction, it helped me to understand many ideas among the Jewish followers. A little too slow at times for my tastes (particularly the Talmud discussions). A certain amount was necessary to comprehend the background and situation but it went a bit overboard for me.Overall I thought this was worth the time invested in reading it and I feel like a gained new insight into the Jewish faith and relationships in general.
4 ||| Got this doll for the neighbor girl because she loved playing with my daughter's Groovy Girls. She loved it! The outfit was super cute and it was a big hit.
2 ||| Being a fan of Homer, the Trojan War, et al, I had to watch the flick; however, I was somewhat disappointed with the overall treatment of the story; although the props, for the most part, seemed historically correct, the writers had to make changes that deviated from the Homeric epic. For instance, the battle scene with Ahkilleus and the death of Hektor was far-removed from the actual lines (kind of like how they reinvented "Helen of Troy." From recollection (since I've yet to find the video or see a rerun in over 20 yrs) "Ulysses" with Kirk Douglas, is by far, the best rendition of the Odyssey.
3 ||| This kit was easy to install and so far is very durable. I like the standard Twist-Lock style plug. The "Mouse Hole" that it replaced on my trailer had a bolt hole pattern that did not match the adapter plate. Not a big deal, just drilled some new holes and it worked great, just wanted to let people know, I was caught off guard by it.
1 ||| The old formula back in the day, say sometime around 2005 was great- It never streaked and looked pretty natural-This stuff glitters and streaks and looks fake as the day is long. It also wears off in flakes and looks worse and worse as time goes on. I suspect this has to do with it having Vitamin E in it which causes skin to exfoliate.. Exfoliate before you tan, not after! I am about as pale as you can get, think Nicole Kidman or perhaps paler,ha-- I recommend Banana Boat Deep.. blend with a fragrance free body lotion and the results are great.
0 ||| I must be one of the few people on the face of the planet that can't stand this movie. I don't care about that fact either because nothing could convince me to put up with this boring old movie again. I had the misfortune of seeing this some time ago, and even more misfortune of seeing the stage show. Boring. I'd rather pull my eyelashes out one by one or something equally as torturous. I know I'm not going to convince many people about this mundane tired movie, but I feel better having said my peice and maybe I could save someone from the pain.
3 ||| This CD is really not that bad. Yes, Guttermouth does try to go back to their old Musical Monkey style, and they do succeed... sort of. This CD has fast songs with pop punk hooks, and they are for the most part pretty good. If you want a CD that sounds good and is enjoyable, check this out. If you want to be "punk rock" and be musically narrowminded, look elsewhere. Good songs: wasted lives, next faux mohican, season, NRAA. keep it real, yo.
2 ||| This is a tough book to critique b/c my law school recommended it. The author writes a well organized book, but every chapter has been padded -- chapters that could have been concisely written in 20 pages drag out to sixty. Buy this book only if you have to and read it only if you must. You aren't going to learn anything definitive from these chapters and all the practicing lawyers I run into think the authors ideas are just plain silly. The best way to teach about trial advocacy is to include REAL transcripts from REAL cases, not made up stories about fire trucks and people late for work. Those work great -- on paper. Plus the book never answers the big question -- what is the author's ACTUAL TRIAL EXPERIENCE?
1 ||| My wife is a footbal junkie. We were the first people in our known universe to spring for DirecTv and the NFL package. My son could sing the Eagles fight song before he could ask for a bottle (I'm not kidding). So when a Superbowl champion QB tells me he's going deep on strategy, I think I'm going to learn something. Well here it is: Just because you can play, and just beacuse you can comment on things that happen in front of you, doesn't mean you can write a book. I had a hard time finishing it, and that is saying something.
4 ||| The price could not be beat! It is a long book and I hadn't read it for 40 years. I love the story and wanted to re-read it. Thank you for the fantastic read at a fantastic price.
3 ||| It fits well, it's cute but when it rains, the grill gets sopping wet. I'm waiting for a dry spell long enough to dry the cover out, then I'll waterproof the seams and spray it with waterproofing spray. Too bad. I really like the way it looks.
3 ||| This is a great introduction if you're new to the subject: you'll get the concept, why firms go Six Sigma, etc. The book is likely to gain you to the cause. At the same time, it's very superficial on methodologies and hardly tells you anything about similar efforts of effective engineering like Design for Cost, Design of Experiments, Taguchi methods, etc. Well written and entertaining.
1 ||| O'Hanlon has done as good a job as any with the given material. The book premise - go out fishin' on a trawler for a few weeks in the North Atlantic in the middle of winter. By the end of the book you certainly have a sense of it - arduous, stinking, sleep deprived, and relentless. He tries to portray his shipmates, mostly louts, as interesing and half succeeds. He attempts to make the specifics of trawling interesting but how could you? The book sinks under O'Hanlons rambling conversations with his mentor Luke most of which are not even vaguely interesting. O'Hanlon himself becomes an embarrassing burden to the crew as they grind toward their quota. It is in this burden that the theme solidifies - 'trawler life sucks'.
2 ||| If you're target is reads at a middle school leave they'll love it, other wise it will drag on and on. Something not so pleasant for such a short book. The little dance around religion was nice, but they kept undoing their own work. You can't be just misunderstood and utterly evil at the same time. Otherwise a fair read that escapes the Harry Potter genre.
0 ||| I'm flabbergasted that they put the dumbed-down tv version of this movie on dvd and not the theatrical version. They took scenes out, changed scenes and dubbed dialog to create this mess of a dvd. Not only that, but the movie looks funny. The aspect ratio they used makes the movie look weird. I was eagerly waiting for this funny, well-done movie to be released on dvd and I am bitterly disappointed at this made-for-tv garbage. This tv version will only appeal to an unsophisticated mass audience.Attention Warner Home Video: If you are reading this, you need to issue a press release in which you apologize for this garbage and then announce that you will release an uncut version of the movie on dvd.
3 ||| Yes, I know what you're thinking. "Another one of those pick em' off one-at-a-time horror flicks..." And it is. But it's also more then that. This movie actually made me scream and I'm getting freaked out just writing about it in this dark, dark room. A bloodbath that makes you squirm...all the while enjoying the effect the adrenalin rush has on you. I am not claustrophobic, but there are a few scenes that made me feel like I was trapped in a rocky cave with no means of escaping. "The Descent" broke one of the basic major rules of writing a horror story. I can't tell you which one, but don't expect a big twist after you travel through this never-ending cave, fighting for your life. I'd say rent it first and then see if you want to buy it....it's not for everyone.
0 ||| A ho-hum "hero" goes against a boring villain.Yay.Stuff blows up just like in every other action movie there is.Yawn.So where's the excitement?What happened to the plot?Why'd the actors waste their time in this dud?Perhaps they were desperate for fame and money?Watch this and you'll agree that this is the absolutely worst movie there ever is.If you want an exciting action film,go with "Indiana Jones" or "Jurassic Park".Don't throw your money away on "XXX".
4 ||| This movie ROCKS! Very realistic! Would be good without graphic violence (not that I don't like mind it)! You gotta see this movie!
2 ||| Like many people in Japan this book was recommended to me but I didn't want to read it. A friend gave me a copy and eventually I read it.The author gets so many things wrong about Japan that I wonder if he really spoke as much Japanese as he suggests. I often found my self scoffing at his opinions and explanations. It seems this was the end of his Japanese experience as he has gone on to write books on other topics.He also strikes me as quite a loner, if this is the summary of his social interaction he must have had a lonely time, which on the JET Programme is not uncommon.However he has a very good writing style which makes up for a lot of his failures. I'd suggest reading it and enjoying his perspective but be wary of his explanations.
1 ||| I love his song "wait for you" I was very excited to get his CD. I thought the sound quality was good. I found the rest of the song choices disappointing. Save your money and download the song you like.
0 ||| This vacuum is a lightweight vacuum that functions reasonably well for almost a year. After a year of normal use of my vacuum, the wheels came off. The wheel design is poor. I don't recommend this vacuum unless you plan to buy a new one in a year.
0 ||| I made the investment in the original ball and now the product has been discontinued. Thanks Oxiclean.
0 ||| Our daughter got one of these for Christmas. She's taken it out twice on pavement and the rear wheel (which is make out of plastic) broke. I regret paying what I did for this one, not because of what the going price is now but because it's a piece of junk.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP!
2 ||| I listened to the tape version, which is pretty good for getting you to the beach, etc. There is a strong narrative drive that carries you along. However, having the text read to you highlights some of the lack of "tightness" that good editing could have fixed. Also, please don't TELL us that Gault is the worst murderer of the century, SHOW us. Prove it! My personal quibble is that when our heroine is talking with a woman's father and he asks if his daughter is dead, Kay answers with a flat yes, when at most she's got a hunch as to the identity of the dead woman. This is inconceivable for a forensic pathologist whose specialty is not only what she knows, but what she can prove. I'd probably listen to another Scarpetta book on tape, if I got it from the library.
3 ||| I chose this particular caliper largely because of its inexpensive price. I only use it a couple of times a week and it has been working well. It does not feel as well crafted as my old caliper and I might have some qualms about its build quality if I was a very heavy user. But for the occasional user, the combination of price and the extra battery and case makes this a good value.
2 ||| I have not read the book yet so, my rating of the contents page is average so far. I wanted everyone to know that this book is a reprint of the book by the same author titled "The Pleasures of Their Company: An Owner's Guide to Parrot Training [Hardcover]. Don't make the same mistake I made and order both. Some sellers will not allow a return or exchange and they don't return your emails. Buyers beware.
1 ||| Some people may have no issues with these diapers, however, my little girl probably leaks in these once a day if not multiple times. I've tried everything making sure that the diaper is on just right or immediately changing her when I "hear" her go. NOTHING WORKS - I change her outfit multiple times a day and not for the fun of it. So it is back to Swaddlers for us.....I don't know why I ever changed.
1 ||| I got this headset to save money, instead I wasted both time and money.The sound quality is cheap and hard to hear at times. the head phones cover BOTH ears and this can make hearing things around you more difficultI bought this so I could have my hands free while gaming or changing diapers, I never use it because it is cumbersome. the cord is so long I have to wrap it around the waist clip just to keep from getting caught on things. and having the phone in my pocket or on my belt causes me to bump buttons by accidentwhen I use it while gaming it works great as I don't have to move around much and I can keep my hands freenot a bad head set for 10 bucks, but I would have gladly paid for the 40 or 50 dollar models if I had known the faults of this one
0 ||| This book was a disappointment to me and I should have researched it more before purchasing it. It was my hope to read about the settlers moving West on the old Oregon Trail but this book had nothing to do with that. Instead, it was an account of Parkman's experiences as he traveled in some of the Western areas of the U.S. (Wyoming area, Black Hills, etc.) Much of his time was spent with the various Indian tribes as he befriended them and learned much of their culture. He also spent a great deal of time hunting. My real problem with his story is that it was so repetitive. Many of the accounts were similar and it seemed like we were going over and over the same thing. I read almost every thing I can find on Western adventure and exploration but this one is sure not on the top of my list.
3 ||| This release made a big impact for the Wilson Sisters and company. The four singles are all quite good and even some of the album tracks, Nobody Home, in particular are fairly ear catching. Will Heart be as memorable as the Beatles, Stones, Eagles, or Fleetwood Mac, I doubt it. However, they did make some noteworthy contributions to the world of rock n roll and a good portion of that is on this album.
3 ||| It is always a pleasant suprise when a new author appears on the fantasy scene with a book that should keep them there for a long time. Shadow in the Glass has a great blend of magic and adventure, which has nicely set up the series for the next three books.
1 ||| Both of these items seem "cheap" and not up to OXO quality. The peeler is just passable but the parer was not only dull right out of the package, but immediately rusted and discolored. Not only that, an email to OXO regarding their "satisfaction guarantee" has been unanswered for over a month! Dents my faith in OXO!
2 ||| Provides the needed extra power for the flash when the camera is used to take photos at longer distances from the subject. Flash does not electronically attach to the camera, but is powered by the cameras flash. Would work with any other camera.
3 ||| This is the only release of Romance Dance on CD and it is a classic. This release is two albums recored on one CD...so I queston if the sound quality suffers a bit by cramming 21 songs on one CD. Amazon's version is over priced---look to buy from one of the other vendors for 1/2 the price for the exact same CD.
4 ||| Masterpiece Theater does it again! This is the debut of "Harry Potter" star Daniel Radcliffe. Ironically enough, quite a few of the cast members of this PBS miniseries have performed together, especially cast members from "Harry Potter." This is a perfect film...no flaws at all. Comparable to the PBS miniseries,"Moll Flanders."
4 ||| I am very pleased wiht these headphones they are a great value and rival the much more expensive BOSE phones. I have used both and rate these as good as the BOSE. I have put these to the test during several flights and they are truly a delight canceling most of the jet engine noise you would normaly hear.I highly recommend these to anyone who is not brand driven and just wants a product that works well and does what it promises.
0 ||| I can't believe they actually eliminated songs that were on the original VHS tape. WHY!?? And to interrupt the other songs and trash this amazing concert is such a travesty. I hope whoever was responsible for this mess was fired.EVERYONE: PLEASE WRITE DIRECTLY TO THE ALLMAN BROTHERS SO WHEN CAN GET THIS RE-RELEASED PROPERLY UNEDITED.
4 ||| I strongly suggest this CD to any Christian rock fan, or just about anybody! Newsboys deliver their classic music with some new ideas, from the guitar driven beat on, "Woohoo" to the techno sounding, "Truth be known, everybody gets a shot" to the heartfelt ,"Always". Newsboys, from Australia , once again deliver an album that doesn't have a bad song at all. The smash hit ",Entertaning Angels" is definately their most popular song, although my favorite is either the bassy "Hallalujah" or "Woohoo". CDs like this? Newsboys previous albums "Not Ashamed","Going Public", and "Take me to your leader" are all great and so is the likes of Third day,The Waiting, and of course, DC talk
0 ||| I love Rollercoaster tycoon, its exciting and fast action. Zoo tycoon is so slow and scenerios are so short you have no fun trying to beat the scenerio. i just find it a waste of time and money
0 ||| I guess if you are a male college student getting stoned in your dorm room and watch this movie you may think is "awesome". If that's not you stay away. Ramblings of an artsy writer wanna be that takes himself way too seriously, makes for one dull movie.Sorry to the fans of this but all I can say is keep up your studies and get rid of that bong.
4 ||| Live at the Sahara Tahoe by Isaac Hayes is one of Mr. Hayes's better outings, the only problem for me is the songs are way too short, great disk, I miss him and his music a lot.
2 ||| Sean Penn plays the part of a man who is elected governor of the state of Louisiana by promising poor people food, roads, schools, and other things they have been denied by crooked politicians. Unfortunately, once he gets into office he becomes the most crooked politician of them all. Jude Law is the reporter who watches him become governor and then joins his staff, becoming a part of the fraud and corruption. This movie has terrific potential and combines a brilliant novel and a stellar cast, but unfortunately it misses the mark by having a script which plays the same note throughout. There is an inexorable march towards a tragic end. There is no comic relief, no change of tone, only a steady drumroll toward disaster. There is an emotional sameness to it throughout the film which keeps it from becoming the outstanding movie which its makers intended it to be.
1 ||| I am disappointed in this book. The patterns are very old styles.However, it has some useful bacis pattern making information. If you are a beginner, it is helpful.
3 ||| Eh.Good acting from Williams & Norton as unlikable kidshow hosts, same old same old performance by DeVito as The Danny DeVito Character. Kind of overblown in a "look at us, we're satirizing children's television!" way. Any episode of South Park has more humor & irreverence than this entire movie.HOWEVER.You may not agree. It's very much the kind of movie people either really like or really dislike. Definitely check it out on rental before buying.
1 ||| I am preparing for the LPIC exam and have not found this book that helpful. I would strongly recommend purchasing any of the other LPIC study aids as well as a linux system administration book as a reference guide. I have found that combination particularly beneficial in my preparation. This book has potential but definitely needs to be rewritten.
2 ||| Marjone Rawlings book about pre World War II Florida,is a captivating story about a boy becoming a man. The yearling is compared to his pet deer as they both make the step to aduthood.
3 ||| A great tape for busy folks as each segment is only 15 minutes. A good morning workout, but more suited to the beginner than someone used to doing exercise a few times a week.
0 ||| I must be doing something different to everyone else. Bought this for my commuter. It gets knocked out of alignment in the garage, knocked out of place in the bike racks, knocked if I dare put the bike down. Every time I ride the bike I have to readjust it. It is fiddly to readjust because only 2 degrees of freedom (twist and tilt). Tightening the bolts just makes the inevitable readjustment more difficult. I guess it's just bar end mirrors in general I'm going to have problems with as a commuter who's pushed for bike parking space. It adds 4-inches to the width of the bike, which is a pain in general. This mirror is well made and designed so if you're not using your bike in cramped conditions maybe it will serve you well. Not me.Adjusted right, it works well in traffic. But it does not work well at all for checking my son in the bike trailer - the adjustment isn't flexible enough to see what's behind me.
4 ||| Don't judge Right Said Fred by their US hit I'm Too Sexy. This group goes beyond the quick fetish of that song. They are incredible. Take the time to listen to both of their albums. Their are well worth it!
1 ||| This is the 3rd different package of Pampers diapers (size 5 twice and now size 6) the diapers opens and causes a mess of white fluffy material spread on my baby's body and of the floor. Difficult to clean, but no rash (I have seen some other reviewers mentioning rash on their babies).This did not happen previously when I used Pampers to my other 2 boys (9-11 years ago), so I think it has to do the factory and the diapers now are not sealed right.
3 ||| Tragic that " Home grown" was only shown for basically for no more than a few days in very few theaters. Cast includes amazing actors such as Billy Bob Thornton, Hank Azaria, Ryan Phillippe, Jamie Lee Curtis, Ted Danson, and John Lithgow, and Jon Bon Jovi. It was a dark comedy which has suprises of violence combined thrilling moments. Its not a "Pulpfiction" type classic, but certainly worth veiwing. It was very difficult to see all the weed beeing burned at the end. Which was the most devestating part of the movie. Great to have ''Homegrown" on DVD!
3 ||| I gave this CD 4 stars cuz last dance is great but amerikkkas nightmare is better. You gotta get this CD Gunz & Money is the best!
2 ||| I am new to growing wheatgrass & am very glad this was not the brand I tried first. I had been using some from healthy-eating and was quite happy with it (the only other brand I've tried so far) but decided to try this one because it is about half the price. Wish I had only bought 10 lbs. instead of 25. The grass here is very slow to grow and sparse and patchy.
1 ||| I paid no too much for this product but their capabilities were not enough for me because: having a power load about 35% I just have around 6 mins backup time and no 120min full-load as offered; has no external mute botton and every time you need to turn this sound off you must to connect the PC to do it thru the SW; it has no internal voltage regulator (just can define low/high limits where the battery will start to work); the WinXP SW sometimes doesn't work and for this you couldn't monitor&control the device, to do it you will need to restart the computer; you have no protected power outleet included and this make you to add an extra outleet to your wall if you need to feed no protected devices. Is not the best product for 1500VA, but for this prices is the only want you could find!!
0 ||| The description for this book is quite vague so allow me to clear things up before you waste your money. First there is a series of short but windy chapters dealing with various aspects of design philosophy. Forty pages worth, to be exact. The rest of the book is a series of colour plates - "Studies in Design" - that are thoroughly hideous, intended to be used as patterns for wall paper, friezes, borders, ceiling paintings, dado-rails, etc. The author describes them as "grotesque" on several occasions and he's right, but not the way he intended. If you've ever looked through a book of wallpaper samples, you've got the idea. You can see one piece of a pattern, but never an application in the whole cloth.Almost nobody needs this book. Unless you're researching Arts & Crafts or Art Deco interior designs, or making reproduction wallpaper for the period, it is useless. Avoid.
4 ||| If your a fan of Gregory Corso poetry, then hearing him read his poems "spoken word style" is a real treat. You'll love this cd.....nuff said.
4 ||| I actually bought this tunnel for my cat, and she loves it! The idea occurred to me because I bought a desk which came in a tall thin box and my cat turned it into a playhouse, sliding into it and bringing her toys in. I got the tunnel about 3 wks ago and it has become her haven: she loves to slide in it, and to have me throw her toys in so she can slide in after them and play with them. Also, whenever she's upset about anything, it has become the place where she automatically goes. Another great part is that it collapses into a 17" circle and weighs virtually nothing, so whenever I have company I just put it away and it doesn't clutter. If you have an active cat, especially if you're away from the house a lot, this is great!
4 ||| Love being able to connect to any of the TiVos in my home from any one of them. It's a great product.
3 ||| Burgess was the model for talking animal stories. His characters use good English, are modeled on real behavior of the beast in question, and there is a minimal plotline. Mostly written for what is now about a first to third grade level, the stories are a good 'read aloud' for pre-schoolers as well. Move on from these to Wind in the Willows (Grahame), Wainscot Weasel, or Brian Jacques' Redwall series.
1 ||| "Simon Crum" was the nom-de-shellac that country crooner Ferlin Husky used to record various rockabilly parodies, hard country thumpers and comedy numbers that wouldn't have fit in on his regular, softcore Capitol releases. Since this stuff has been pretty hard to find for many years, I looked forward to this release, a comprehensive set that includes all his Capitol Crum sides from the 1950s... but I was sorely disappointed. The material is very strained, and Husky's hillbilly affectations are repetitive and genuinely irritating. It's not that it's "gimmicky" (duh, of course it is...) but just that it's not very imaginitive or interesting. Homer & Jethro this is not. A few good tunes, but those are mostly the ones where he plays it relatively straight. I did get a kick out of the Webb Pierce parody, "Cuzz Yore So Sweet," though.
3 ||| I hadn't been a real John Mayer fan, but hearing 'Covered In Rain' live made me one. For me, that is the standout track on 'Any Given Thursday'. Starting out with a perfect summer's evening out-doorsy feel--slow, relaxing, and melodic, it builds into a suprisingly brisk crescendo that showed top-shelf guitar talent.Anyway, the rest of the CD is also very good, and I think John Mayer passes that "Yeah, anyone can do a studio album with a hundred takes, but how does he sound live in concert?" test. There's real talent there.
3 ||| This is a decent sign language dictionary. I borrowed it from work (I'm an interpreter) and found it usefull. I bought this one because it had updated signs (signs, like any other language, changes over the years). Unfortunately, they dumped the state signs, country signs, and some other apendixes from this "concise" version which were the main reason I purchased this book. So, other than that big dissapointment it's still a usefull book.
1 ||| PROs: 1000 Contacts, Photo and Video, Ringtone and picture ID.Cons: Photo quality is average. Call quality is below average. Phone becomes slow after months of use. Text messages sometimes refuse to send.Overall: I miss my nokia with the alarm clock that rings even when the phone is off. Huge regret getting this phone. What I like best is the Ringtone ID's. I know who is calling by the ringtone the phone plays.
2 ||| If you are looking for a biography of Queen Elizabeth II, don't bother with this book which is little more than rambling reminiscences of some of the Queen's experiences. Poorly written - one jumps from one topic to another without any sense of continuity, and there are annoying grammatical flaws - the book focuses rather narrowly on the author's experiences as a journalist covering certain royal tours. Rather shockingly, she also uses unwarranted and inappropriately derogatory adjectives to describe certain people. Anecdotes are fun, the photos are nice, but this book could have been much better. Review is based on the hardback edition.
3 ||| I only bought this to complete my Universal Monsters series, but it's actually a good collection. The first movie is a landmark because of the brand new special effects. As old as this movie is, they hold up to this day. The other movies, while not exactly sequels are interesting,too. Universal Monster fans should get this set. They will not be disappointed.
3 ||| Frazer's Golden Bough is a thorough study of mythology, and the hero. I read it once before, and reviewed it with a plus. It is one of thouse books that are timeless. As true of it's subject now as it was then.I recommend it.The Illustrated Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion
1 ||| My mother bought this bed for my 5 year old to use when we visited on weekends. Worked great the first 4 or so times she used it. But now the valve that lets the air out won't close. It spins, but does not seal shut so you can't inflate the mattress. Very poor quality.
1 ||| Ours broke within a year. The mechanism stripped after about 5 uses, leaving us with the screw in the cork, and no way to get it out. Spend a little more money on a better piece. Good wine deserves a good corkscrew.
2 ||| in Adaptation? Check it out, it made it to the big screen!
4 ||| I love this cd. Deerdance and chop suey has to be my favorie songs on here. I dont see how anybody dosent like this band...I have all of their CDs including Steal This Album and i love them all but some people say that Steal this album [is bad]...it dosent. If you like any kind of music you should like this so get it!!! I gave this album 5 stars because it is just a great band.
0 ||| I bought this thinking it contained the original recordings, butwas I wrong! I was deceived by the wording "Original MusicorRecordings," but it's not the Platters!
3 ||| I ordered this book several years ago to do a paper. Yes, it is good enough to use as a reference for a college level paper. On a less serious note, it is also entertaining to read for chocolate lovers, and even though I completed my paper and class a long time ago, we still have this book.
0 ||| I purchased this on the strength of the Mr. Clean name. Big mistake. The handle and mop head parted ways on the first use and refused to be reunited! There was no direction on the packaging on what to do if this happened, the web site was useless, and the 800 number isn't manned on weekends (which is when I do most of my cleaning). After thirty minutes of trying to fit the handle back onto the mop head, I gave up. Everytime I fit it together, the top popped off again. This was a waste of money and time. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
2 ||| The words are to advanced for my 4 yr old. The picture are cute though. But The lesson is good.
4 ||| I thought that this was a great movie because it had a lot of action and i just really really liked it.(Brendan Fraser is hot and my mom thinks that Arnold Vosloo is handsom.) When it first came out in theaters i wanted to see it but i didnt see the first one so me and my friend rented it and really liked it so maybe a week later i went and saw it thought it was awesome and at the theaters i saw it nine times. I bought the first one and i watch it over and over again. I cant wait untill October second, my dad even said that he would watch the Mummy and right after that the Mummy Returns. The thing thats bad though is its on a Tuesday so I'll probably have homework, and then four hours of movies. So for everyone that hasn't seen this movie I think you should its a very good movie and the kids would like it too, but there is violence and swearing depends how young they are the might be scared. So i say go and see it. They are my two favorite movies.
1 ||| Not only was this a poor followup to an initial success in the first of the Narnia films, but it would be a dreadfully poor stand-alone film. The plot was convoluted and hard to follow, and while the original cast did well, the additions just left no memorable trace. The story, itself, felt like it wasn't well fleshed out, or the editing wasn't properly done resulting in a plot that felt forced and an audience that didn't care. The film was beautiful to watch. Its landscapes and CGI were stunning, on par with the first film.
4 ||| Excellent production values characterize this latest Sondheim CD. Vocals and instrumentals came through with remarkable clarity so that the words could be understood and none of the Sondheim wit was lost.
3 ||| Yeah, this is a good album. I'd like it a WHOLE lot more though if the lyrics weren't so questionable. I'm trying to find a really good swing band [like this one] with good clean lyrics. Big Bad Voodoo Daddy is a good alternative.
4 ||| this will work if you stick to it. What it really does, is teach you how to think about how you think. Recommend it highly.
4 ||| If this was a fictional account about the section of New Orleans called "Storyville," no one would ever believe it. That it is true is wonderful, monstrous, fascinating, horrible, and damn good reading. The birthplace of blues, jazz, Dixieland and the beginning of the "Black take" on music that has swept the world and reinvented itself many times...right up to the present. The sex in this book and the way it was practiced and viewed at the time is unbelievable; it boggles the mind. This book cries out to be the basis for a movie, a musical, and/or a TV series. The cast of characters defies explanation. If this book doesn't blow your mind, you don't have one. Great!
3 ||| I bought this soundtrack and was very surprised about the collection of the songs. I missed some of the film. Others were performed by other artists. And some have nothing to do with the film. I think they were put on the CD to fill the disk!
4 ||| "As Time Goes By" is one of the reasons the BBC has so many devoted fans. This is an understated, humorous, warm and affectionate show about two people comfortably into their middle ages re-discovering each other after an absence of 35 years. This isn't teen angst. It is intelligent and slightly magical. Geoffery Palmer is the coolest guy on the planet, to boot. Treat yourself to this great tape.
3 ||| This CD player has a great weight and feel to it, and it look awsome to. It plays CD's super and has a very crisp sound. I got this to replace my Sony Discman, and with the replacement, There are some missing features that are hard to live without. This CD Player doesnt have a "resume" function that allows you to pick up off the place on the CD where you left off, and the biggest missing feature is a Battery Indicator, so you have absolutly no idea what condition your batteries are in. I will now be forced to take an extra pair of batteries with me wherever I go in case they go dead on me. But overall, its worth the money, and a good CD player! You can always trust Koss
3 ||| This book offers an interesting diagrammatic presentation of thirty-six warships, ranging from a Roman galley to a "Nimitz"-class aircraft carrier. Naval buffs will find this a useful book, with numbered guides accompanying the cut-away color diagrams that offered details about the layouts of the various ships. Yet the selection of what constitutes a "great" warship is rather idiosyncratic. The selection is exclusively Western in its orientation, as Chinese junks, Ottoman galleys or Imperial Japanese Navy vessels completely absent. Moreover, the compilers seemed to have been unable to decide whether a great warship was an innovative one or a historic one and included selections of both, leaving out others more deserving in the process. As a result, while an interesting resource, it is a limited one that lacks a theme that could have made it a truly valuable book.
1 ||| Oasis achieved phenomenal success with the release of their 1995 album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory," but then followed the unfortunate trend of having their next album suffer. Still, "Be Here Now" has its moments. The best song on here is obviously "All Around the World". It's long, pretentious, and has a stunning music video to go along with it; it's reminiscent of the Guns N' Roses' song "November Rain". The album also houses "The Girl in the Dirty Shirt," which is the nasaliest of any song Liam's sung before or since. The rest of the album is mostly just OK, making this a major disappointment given the brilliance of their last album. Oasis completists will want this album; everybody else would be wise to just buy "All Around the World" as a single and leave it at that.
3 ||| i finished The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club today. Wimsey is brought in on a completely unsuspicious death to determine the exact time of death. If the old General died before his equally old sister, the money goes to the sister's companion, if after, to the General's two sons. Of course, events get curious and Wimsey has to use a good bit of his cleverness to figure it all out. I certainly didn't guess who the killer was.I guess I like Wimsey because he's all competence and properness covered by quips and a bit of playing the buffoon. He's clever and but haunted. The setting is just so British it's a bit weird; it is like a fantasy novel as it is just so different from what life is today. Quite well written.
3 ||| My son loved to play in this bouncer. There are many toys that kept him busy. He loved the star, globe and especially the three soft blocks. However, please be aware there was a recall on this item regarding the three soft blocks attachment. Older models had a plastic tip that if got loose may be a choking hazard. The newer models are fixed but if you have an older model the company with send you a new soft block piece to replace the old one.
1 ||| While this is not a terrible dictionary, it has two major flaws:First, for each kanji it only lists compounds that begin with the given kanji. If the kanji happens to be an affix (attached to the ends of words), then no compounds will be listed.Second, it does not give all the connotations that a single kanji will have. Why is the kanji for 'north' used in the word for 'defeat'? This dictionary won't tell you.For these reasons I would recommend insteadThe Kodansha Kanji Learner's DictionaryIt uses romaji instead of kana, but don't let that deter you; you'll get plenty of practice reading kana outside of your kanji dictionary. It's learning kanji that's the hard part.
4 ||| Bette Midler's performance made this movie. Great cast. Feel good movie. Probably would relate most to women so watch it with your best girlfriend.
3 ||| While NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 4 is by no means a good movie (it does not compare to one, three or seven in terms of writing, etc.), it is enormously entertaining. It is also total eye-candy. The special effects and sets are awesome, and the dream sequences are more surreal than in previous NIGHTMARE flicks.I know it's bad, but I can watch it over and over again, unlike 5 and 6 where I could barely get through the first viewings.
0 ||| This is absurd. I don't know how the other reviewers judged this book. It is based on [assault] of an innocent girl and coersion. I'm forced to give a 1 star because no stars is not an option. The author is way off base in this one. I stopped reading the book when the prince mistook Angeline for Claire and proceeded to [assault] her.
0 ||| This product is severely overpriced!! I just found the same product, sized at 400MG for $3.00 less than the advertised price on Amazon. Needless to say this will be last time I purchase from this company.
2 ||| to the reviewer whodat, the price for all the sets are the same. Amazon chose to only give a discount of 15% on this set as compared to 25% off on the first two.
1 ||| Unlike most SciFi shows this show had NO BASIS IN FACT. I must have been much more forgiving as a kid I remembered liking this show at least a little but after watching it again the bazaar story lines and unforgivable scientific inaccuracy I have to give this a total thumbs down.
2 ||| I've never seen a film with Judy Dench or Colin Firth in it that I didn't like very much! I would have rated this DVD five stars if it included sub-titles.
1 ||| Too difficult to attach to my shoes...I prefer to tie my laces, even though I may have to do it more than once.
1 ||| it's amazing how well written back cover copy can get someone to pick up a book and give it a read. Such was the case with this book, whose deceptive description packaged it as some thrilling adventure story of lost treasures with magical powers. Granted there were some treasures with supposed powers but thrilling this was not, in fact it was quite dull, no action, no traversing the globe for our "hero", no anything. Even at the bargain price you should just skip it.
3 ||| I don't think I liked this book as much as the others that Gregory has written. It was from the point of view of Mary Boleyn. She was shown as a whinny and almost immature woman, being over shadowed by her evil sister, Anne. We all know that Anne Boleyn was an incredibly awful woman. She was power hungry and had almost no soul, so there was nothing for Mary to be except for the obedient sister. I don't care if there are people that disagree with me, all I know is that the book wasn't very historically accurate on Mary's part, but was spot on on Anne's. I love Philippa Gregory and will continue to read her books on the dangerous life in the court of Henry VIII.
4 ||| Lots of action, hot soundtrack, the movie has four letter words, some nudity, hence the MPAA 'R' rating. An inde production, the producers made a small budget go a long way. Puerto Rican location is fantastic. "Let the Love Begin" should be a single CD (movie soundtrack). A BIG low-budget production. Don't Miss it!!!
4 ||| While I may not be a literary genious, I truly enjoyed this book. This was not an unrealistic story as was the story of my own grandparents. Those who are skepitcal about "true love" and "In sickness and in health" will not appreciate this book, for those who have lived it, a must read novel. It inspires hope of "forever". I enjoyed this book and have passed it on.
4 ||| very good disign / workin' fast to dust-powder consistent or whatever you want / you coffeelover? you need it/
4 ||| We purchased this book for our children in about 1977 and it was one of their favorite Christmas books. They would make a new story up every time looked through it. Today they are 23 and 27 years old and still have a place in their heart for Father Christmas. I know it will be on our grandchildrens book shelf also.
4 ||| I enjoyed this book very much and finished the entire book in just a couple of days. This will go on my shelf as a reference book over the years and looking forward to starting my hobby and hopefully career of investing after a bit more studying!
1 ||| I have been buying these before (from Microcenter). They are very cheap and I thought it was a very good deal. Particularly their 2600mAh for 5 bucks! But...Cons:-Of all the NiMh batteries I tried. This has the most number of failures. Some just dies. Some would hold very low charges after just a few cycles.-It is bigger in circumference compared to other batteries. Which will not fit some of my cameras and gadgets.-Exterior is made of paper and gets easily smashed, deformed.Pros:-Price. but for this kind of quality... not worth it.Also: With all the new low discharge batteries flooding the market (Eneloops, Rayovacs, Duracell, Kodak, etc.) There is no longer any reason to buy this kind of batteries. Even this company is now manufacturing their own Hybrio.
1 ||| I was hoping to find some nice calming, relaxing music to play in my classroom and home. This was a little too instrumentally loud.
0 ||| I purchase a Protect-A-Bed mattress cover at a mattress store, salesman said to wash it twice prior to use. He did not say to dry it with towels and sheets. Its supposed to be waterproof, one of our cats proved its not, contacted company, they asked if dried on medium with towels and other bedding, I said no, no one told me and not anywhere on package does it state needs to be protected in the dryer. Company sent another cover,this time on low setting which is mostly air fluff with towels and other sheets and it was scorched in 3 places. Both were scorched on medium and low heat, dryer is electric which is not as hot as gas. I'm getting my $90 back that I was charged at a mattress company. Not worth the money if you can't dry it because it has cheap plastic backing.
4 ||| This product arrived quickly, as described, and at a price nearly $100 less than retail stores. I couldn't be more pleased.
4 ||| Easily the most misrepresented story in Hollywood. It was a treat to discover the true story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Highly recommended.
1 ||| This product stinks like something dead and rotting. It stinks as far as function, also. After a full week in use, there are no flies in it at all. If you try to use this indoors (although it clearly states on the package that it is for outdoor use) It will make the whole room stink too.
4 ||| I am a big MechWarrior fan.I have #3,4.Not #4 Black Knight.They are really fun games to play.I like it because it is challenging and it is fun.I build Mechs with legos.I am trying to find where I can get little models of any Mechs.Some of the games are a little cheap.Otherwise they are all sweet games.I have played all of them, but I only have these two. I am going to get this one for my birthday.If any kids who like robots blowing up other robots.Then they should get this game.
4 ||| Probably one of the better short character novels written in recent time.Mr. Early has caught the feelings, time and people of this part of NC in a way that, I think, few have ever done. The wonderful relationships between a boy, his mother and uncles is as close to what a truly caring family could ever be.Read this book.
2 ||| It took a while to get going but once it did, I could not put this book down. However, be warned: ***spoiler alert*** if you have read Tess of the D'Urbervilles and didn't like the way it ended, do not read this book.
4 ||| Finally, Ash's fourth album, 'Free All Angels,' is released in the states and it is brilliant. I have been a fan since their first release, 1995's 'Trailer.' Though 'Free All Angels' is not as amazing as Ash's second album, '1977,' it is definitely worth picking up. "There's a Star," "Sometimes," and "Shining Light" are stellar tracks. The bonus DVD is features videos, two live clips (from the import-only 'Tokyo Blitz'), and a very cute documentary that shows the band's popularity through-out the globe. Perhaps someday, they will crack The States.
4 ||| i have only begun to read this book. Corrie Ten Boom was a tremendous woman of faith in the Lord!!
1 ||| Halloween 3 does not have Michael Myers All it is is a mad scientist plans on murdering evry trick or treater in the world.No reason for making it. Brief Clip of the original Halloween shown
1 ||| I waited, like everyone else, for the next installment in this series and didn't hold off until a sale or for a discount.I should have.Either Ms. Auel fired her editor or, like too many of her experts, he died during her extended hiatus.How many times must we be told about Ayla using the night-basket because she had to urinate more often due to her pregnancy? How many times did we need reminded that Ayla was frightened to become a Zeladoni? Other examples of this repetitive writing are numerous. The book could have been cut by 15% and not suffered - probably improved.I hope the sixth book is better edited and Ms. Auel tightens her craft. Yes, I will buy the next one and hope for the best.
3 ||| My wife and daughters were very excited to have this movie. It was less than $15, nor hard to find, as other sellers claimed. Beware of sellers asking more than $20 for a DVD. The law of supply and demand applies only to those who are too greedy to ask a fair price, and those who are too eager to part with their money, regardless of the item's perceived value or rarity. Remember Beanie Babies? Pokemon cards?
4 ||| I had often heard of this book, but wondered why it was so popular. Now I know. I have read this book many times. The story is tantalizing and wonderful. It truly is a classic. You will not regret reading this book. The character Jane has something in her that all women can relate to. And the mystery of Thornfield and of Mr. Rochester will keep you turning each of the pages until you are completely immersed in the story. A must read for all generations.
2 ||| There are some interesting aspects to this film, but viewing it in 2013, I was surprised that it seemed slow, given its reputation as a dynamic film. Also, although Gene Hackman is decent in the film, he because a much better actor later. Overall it was a bit of a letdown. But it looks good on the Blu-ray.
3 ||| It's a real shame that so many Fantasy/OJC CDs have been deleted in the past year, with tenor saxman Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis' "Gentle Jaws" being one of the numerous casualities. This Prestige reissue actually contains two albums originally made for the Moodsville division -- "The Red Garland Trio" (strangely also available asMoodsville, Volume 1) recorded December 11, 1959 featuring pianist Garland, Sam Jones on bass and Art Taylor on drums, and "Eddie 'Lockjaw' Davis with Shirley Scott" (Moodsville 4) from January 31, 1960 with George Duvivier on bass and Arthur Edgehill on drums. As you might gather from the label name, these performances are more on the sultry side than the smokin' one. There are certainly more intense "Lockjaw" dates out there, particularly ones partnering organist Scott, but it's hard to pass up this two-fer at the current discounted price. Don't wait too long or "Gentle Jaws" will go gently into the night.
4 ||| Following in the footsteps of Chris Ryan, and becoming a full time author, MacNab has made an outstanding jump from autobigraphical work to fiction. I found the book to be 'un put a downable' and all the time I was reading it I couldn't help thinking I can't wait for the film. I don't want to spoil the story more than saying it's good guy against bad goverenment - US and UK. There is blood and gore and a fine attention to detail that makes it a must. I can't wait until the next book
1 ||| I thought this book could have been alot better. I think he rambled on too much in the beginning. If u want to read this book I suggest Cliff notes. It is so much more to the point than the book itself.
0 ||| This just arrived and it's some generic cheap knockoff: really crappy welds; box says "Tar Hong," sticker on pitcher crossrefs to a "Thunder Group" item; and nowhere on anything does indicate that it is certified to be food safe.I would stay away from this.
0 ||| This movie was far too contrived and unoriginal to make it even a midly interesting viewing. Kevin Spacey was not in his top form in this movie, and combined with the horrible plotting and pacing the movie is a near-catastrophe. Unless you are a hardcore Spacey or Winslet fan, I would avoid viewing this film.
4 ||| An enduring statement about the conflicts that exist between morality and circumstance, character and expediancy, steadfastness and complacency, and the war that each of us has to fight for ourselves in our own minds during times of trouble.Great performances from Penn (as usual) and a very (unexpectedly) believable Michael J Fox.The real question is what and who are the real Casualties of war? Not to be missed.
3 ||| I don't know how many times I have walked past the latest in this series and thought to myself 'Perhaps one day I should read his books'. Well I finally got round to doing just that and I'm so glad I did. At times this book was moving and a little sad, but overall it was the literary equivalent to a delicious slice of Apple Pie, warm, homely and comforting. Best enjoyed with a cup of hot Red Bush tea.
3 ||| The theme of a secret society is always interesting and I looked forward to the Geographer's Library--especially after reading a comparison of it to the DaVinci Code. However, the author's use of individuals from the former Soviet Union and the Baltic region to kill individuals in order to gain possession of certain antiquities resulted in a rather depressing tone. While every book does not have to have a happy ending, this book's conclusion was decidedly unsettling to say the least.After reading this story, I have come to the conclusion that the DaVinci Code was a more riveting book with a more satisfying ending.
0 ||| The D-Link DSM-320 is by far the worst piece of electronic equipment I ever came across in my over 20 years of computer usage. Fortunately, returning items to Amazon is rather easy, so I sent the device back after a few attempts to get a picture on my TV. Well, I was following the instructions and even used the Ethernet connection rather then going wireless (having read some of the feedbacks about weak signal reception).However, even with a wire, the D-Link DSM-320 did not find the media-server on the computer. Well, it did after some attempts to re-install the device. The reason for this might be that I use Linksys networking equipment but this should not be a constraint, I presume. The quality of the D-Link is very poor, though the box looks nice. The server software is even worst, since it does not even open the folders, which one selects in the setup mode. All-in-all, D-Link should make their homework before brining such a device to the market!
1 ||| Mine died in less than two years, and it was never heavily used. One day, I simply couldn't turn it on. Before that, I could easily remedy the common issues: a clogged system, etc. Since the warranty lasts only for one year, the best Keurig could do was give me a discount on a new product. I ended up paying around $85.00 for an updated model. I do enjoy the convenience the machine offers-- as well as the many coffee flavors. Still, I am disappointed, as such an expensive item should last a few years. Make certain to register your new Keurig immediately. . .
0 ||| I bought this unit about 3 weeks ago and within one week the cuff pump doesn't pump up as it should. I checked with the seller (bought it online), she said that she has the same experience once.I called Omron and they said that I can send it in for repair along with $5.00 for return postage. I told them that this is a defective unit (manufacturer's defect), they should not charge customer for return postage.I feel that Omron who shipped the defective product should have the courtesy to paid for their own postage. The fault is with them and not consumers, thus we should NOT have to paid for their mistakes.This is the first and last for me, I do not recommend buying any unit from Omron. There are many other choices, make sure that you do your research and watchout on those rules regarding warranty information.Good luck.Unhappy consumer
4 ||| I found this book quite short but incredibly rich. After I barreled through the three introductions, I was admittedly not wild about reading a romantic tragedy set in Industrial, rural New England. But every page seem to be alive with Wharton's prose! I would put the book down and suddenly realize how quickly the story was going, how engaging it was, how subtly I was getting sucked in. There were very few "aha" moments where I noticed the skill at prose, but whenever I paused from reading I'd realize just how engrossing it had become.This book is just barely over 100 pages, and the entire story takes place in but a few days so it is quite a quick read. I immediately contrasted it with the ubiquitous Romeo-Juliet stories, and found much that was refreshingly different and some that was comfortingly the same. And what a unique take on the ending!This book is great for a rainy day!
3 ||| Only problem I have with this tape is you only get 3 David Lee Roth era videos!! I know they did mostly live videos before that, but Oh Pretty Woman would have been a bonus. You get 13 classic VH videos. VH once said when Sammy joined they could never top Dave in the video showman ship department. So why 10 Sammy videos guys? Still worth it for any VH fan!! Also be warned, if your after the "Dreams" video with the blue Angels in it, this does not have it. The version is the live version they released in the early 90s, live at the Wisky:( Hot For Teacher is my all time favorite video and it does have that!! Rock on!!!!!
0 ||| This book had sadly little new... It just seems to be a rehash of Xenocide, and a drawn out one at that. I loved Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead, but since then he's gone downhill with this series. As well, a significant portion of this book could have been left out, with little or no damage to the plot. Perhaps Card's status has resulted in editors being unwilling to alter his manuscripts... He should've spent his time making the Ender's Game script (yes yes yes!).
1 ||| This is a great movie, although I am only giving it two stars because this particular DVD had captioning. When I placed the order it did not say there would be captioning the whole entire movie. I got used to it as the movie went on, but it was still very annoying. I checked the settings on the dvd player and it wasn't the player. Please note I bought this as a used DVD and it was so cheap I didn't bother complaining or returning it. I guess if I watch it again I'll have to get used to the captioning again.
4 ||| Margaret Mitchell's epic novel "Gone With The Wind" defies all ratings. It deserves far more than a mere ten. I read this book when I was 13 years old, and discovered the most unforgettable story with the most vibrant, LIVING characters ever written. To me, Scarlett O'Hara, Rhett Butler, Melanie Wilkes, and all the others are truly real people. The movie "Gone With The Wind" is undoubtedly the greatest film ever made, which it could hardly help being with such a story to work from. This book can and should be read by anyone who loves to read, because it is simply too good to miss.
0 ||| I read this paperback years ago and I enjoyed it. But there's nothing about it that warrants even the $28 price tag on the used copies, let alone $150+ on the new ones. Save your money; this is highway robbery.
2 ||| Though I did enjoy Jane Eyre, I found that the author, in my opinion, sometimes took an extremely long time to get through something. At one point, the author actually says 'I need but a few lines to expain the next 5 years of my life' or something to the effect of that, and she take at least 3 pages doing it. I don't have the largest attention span, and sometimes Jane Eyre just took too long for me to keep going.
3 ||| I, too, couldn't put it down. It made me laugh, it made me cry, it made me think. It was a bit mushy in places, but the romantic in me won out and I recommend this book to the romantic in you.
2 ||| Now here's quite a unique piece of anime. It starts off as horror, then slows down to a simple drama, then ends as a fantasy/action anime. Of this 60 minute film, the first 15 minutes were interesting and drew me in, the next 30 minutes went slowly by as the story slowed to a crawl, then the final 15 minutes were brilliant as the awesome final battle took place. Some of the art was just amazing, particularly the shattering stained glass window that Kianu emerges from. The fact that Kimera is a sexless being is kind of sick seeing as there is a strong romance with it and another guy in this story. Anyway, this is somewhat of an intellectual/gore/fantasy anime. I wouldn't know what kind of a recommendation to give this, as you can see with my overuse of slash bars. Rent it, see if it fits your tastes.
1 ||| The show was wonderful, but the movie was plain old bad. It was good in some ways, but bad in most. You'll be dissapointed if you watch this movie.
3 ||| Nice book, not quite as good as I expected but had some really awesome photos! AC
4 ||| Outside of the Bible, the most powerful book I have ever read. If you are "comfortable" in the pew, don't read this book. If you are wondering why God has not moved on this earth, then read this book!!! Written in the 50's you would think Ravenhill was sitting across the table from you today! If you are stagnet and want refreshing, then "buy the book" POWERFUL POWERFULL POWERFULL.
0 ||| Made the mistake of buying this set from Toysrus as they were out of complete race tracks other than this one. It is powered by a catapult type system that I had trouble with, much less my five year old and three year old. Why is it so hard just to find a Hot Wheels race track that is powered by a battery and makes the cars go around the track. This thing is a waste of money and my kids were discouraged in about two minutes. I tried a little longer to make it work properly but gave up. It will be going back to the store.
4 ||| This product is sometimes hard to find so we try to stock up on it. Best taste of all the protein powers we have tried.
3 ||| The irony of this book always slayed me. Here is a book of a future where books are like drugs: outlawed, sold on the black market, and if there's a "library," firemen destroy it. And the added bonus is that the main character, a loyal fireman, has a library! The irony that gets me is that this book is about banning books, yet it is a banned book, so nobody read it! (Ha ha, just kidding folks!)
3 ||| The PXC 300 headphones sound good, and they are surprisingly effective at reducing ambient noise in airplanes, especially low frequencies. They are less sensitive than ear buds, and require a higher volume setting from the source to obtain a given sound level. That may reduce battery life in the source, but I haven't noticed significant change.
3 ||| I bought this movie because i LOVE the show and the comics. The movie wasn't as good but I still really enjoyed it. Kristy makes those tumbles look so easy but believe me, they're not. I ended up banging into the wall
1 ||| 2 stars of 5 for this slow dull "classical" 1980's style movie. This movie has a young Jason Bateman in the lead. Very very very slow and dull with a few moments of bad 1980's style music. To our relief the background music (which is very annoying) is kept to a minimum. Though it attempts to be an action/suspense movie, it achieves neither. I'd suggest skipping this movie.
1 ||| I guess im more picky then most of you guys out there when it comes to Argento's work. I like his movie Suspiria and probably not much else.
1 ||| The idea of having your flip flop hold some ounces of liquid is a fun idea, however, after wearing the sandals for almost a month off and on, the container shattered and the area that is right under your arc became very uncomfortable. I would stick to the sandals with the bottle top opener.
3 ||| I am surprised by how much I enjoyed this. Surprised, and a little disappointed in my own taste, but anyway...You know exactly what to expect from this movie. Explosions, Fighting...and that's it. Luckily, it delivers both of those in spades, especially the 'splosions. I have never seen so many things blow up. Every fifteen minutes John Cena barely escapes some building blowing up. And in slow motion, of course. The story is Kelly Carlson is kidnapped by Robert Patrick and John Cena must rescue her.Robert Patrick is plain fantastic in this flick. The filmmaker is smart as he gave the lion's share of the line to Mr. Patrick. He plays a great, sarcastic bad guy, plain and simple. John Cena can act in the sense that Arnold Schwarzenegger can act. Mr. Cena lets his actions do the speaking, thankfully. Plus, he's a hottie so...Overall, just an easy, cheesy, blow-em-up, action B-movie. The extras are pretty lame, though.
2 ||| The book gave good tips and ideas however the vocublary list that the book gave wasn't very useful. I study the words and learn many of them but most did not appear on the GRE.
3 ||| This CD is just superb, especially the 3rd song, 'What Child is this ?'. Anyone would fall in love with Piano music after listening to these scores. Jones are especially good and deserves a major award on this. Only for tranquil people though, this is not pop music.
4 ||| This game is the best! The only hard part about it is the cars but once you get used to it you'll get it.
2 ||| This CD is well sung and orchestrated. Sadly, it is marred by a virulent anti-Union bias in many of the songs. Particularly offensive is the song "Andersonville", which celebrates the deaths of "You Damn Yankee" prisoners at that hell-hole.Almost as bad is "Glory Road", where Thompson sings gleefully about turning the Union soldiers "to bone". A recurring theme of this C/D is the view that Lincoln was a tyrant, the Union soldiers fought mainly to plunder and murder,and that that South was virtuous, brave and pure. A true paean to the Lost Cause and Neo-Confederate propaganda.
1 ||| I received the Cunningham clamp on time and it works well for short periods of time. I don't think it is meant to be used for any length of time, as it becomes very uncomfortable. Also could be a hazard to your health!
1 ||| Way to dancy for me. But in all honesty I've never gotten through the whole thing. I tried twice but each time after about 20 minutes I ended up taking it off and switching to another workout. I prefer the more straightforward basic moves like The Firm, Kathy Smith, etc. I don't have time to sacrifice a workout while trying to catch on to a dance routine. I'll sell this one. Also you need alot of room to execute the moves.
2 ||| There's no denying Kelly has great vocal chops. Unfortunately, no matter how well she sings, there's only so much she can do with material as weak and generic as this. These songs could have been given to any flavor-of-the-week pop singer. Kelly has a unique, Southern-soul voice that recalls great singers from the past like Aretha Franklin and Dusty Springfield. Given the right material, she could make an album that stands up to those artists' classics. This isn't that album. It may sell a ton of CDs, but unless she records songs that will stand the test of time, she's going to be just another quickie pop star. She deserves better.
2 ||| Pros:Its very bright.Very secure.Various inserts that mounts it more forward or backwards for different handguns.Waterproof and shockproof.Cons.Not a True Quick Detach :( You have to loosen/ tighten the hand screw alittle or else it might fall off. I mean Whats the point of not having to put your hand in front of the handgun if you can no longer quickly attach/detach the light in a combat situation? I think it defeats the purpose. I am going to try to modify the spring to give it a stronger clamp so i may no longer have to tighten the screw, well see if it works.No kill switch to prevent it from accidentally turning on. Not a big deal when mounted on handguns, but on primary weapons the light can easily be bumped on.
0 ||| hey dont rent or buy quitly is bad and not widescreen.. cheaper to buy it on DVD then on here..
3 ||| This is a very well written and informative book, the only problem was the fact that it didn't have enough pictures, preferably in color. I know that this can run into alot of extra expense but to a serious collector its a must and I personaly would pay more for a book if it was like this with good pictures to help with identification. Well done Mr. Sodaro I hope to see a new book in 2003.
4 ||| The giver is an outstanding book. This book shows how the lives of the people in the community is different than that of ours. Their life was more protected and kept to themselves than ours is. Our life is just plain out unpredictable.At first I thought the book was boring because I dont usually like how books just take so much time in explaining the background of the story. I like books that just start out with the story then slowly have flash backs and tell what happened in the past. This book got interesting when Jonas became the Reciever of memory. Therefore I liked the book and i recomend that many people should read this.
0 ||| I purchased this software, hoping to experience the opportunity to design some slick personal calling cards. What I got instead was a migraine! The design backgrounds are GORGEOUS, but you have to have a PHD in graphic design to make this software work. I spent hours trying to make my chosen design fit within the print area of my standard Avery cardstock - I don't claim to be the brightest crayon in the box, but I'm pretty intelligent and resourceful and I wasn't able to do anything with it. I'm glad I only spent [amt]. If you have the a lot of extra time and an unending supply of patience, give it a shot - If you don't choose another product, or go to Kinko's.
4 ||| Well, most people in America have already read "Lord of the Flies" by William Golding, which is definitely a classic. So I'm not going to give a synopsis, just a general appraisal of the work.The main characters (Ralph, Jack, Piggy, Roger, and many more) are very complex and very riveting. You can clearly observe their distinctive personalities with their actions and their dialogue. And you feel sorry for these characters when something goes horribly wrong.There are many symbolisms in this book (the conch, the pigs, the flies, etc.), and they work very well here. Interpretations are open (except when it comes to the obvious ones). Tensions are high as we slowly move towards the climax. No Hollywood ending here.Golding has created an influential work of art, as highlights in this book are many. This isn't an innocent story, and it's no clich, either. Kudos to the author.A+
1 ||| The Scarlet Letter, for me was just a little boring. Sometimes the description was just too long and I just started to lose interest in it. Also sometimes it got confusing as to what the relationships the characters had to each other. I would only reccomend this book to other people who liked reading lots of description, a little dialouge, and a repetitive storyline.
4 ||| My Husband and I love Dexter! It is the best series on TV rite now. I have not missed one episode in all 3 seasons! Can't wait to have them all on DVD so that I can watch them anytime I want!!!
4 ||| I liked this movie quite a bit. I felt that it was funny, and the special effects were quite nice. It doens't deserve all the bad reviews it's getting. I highly recommmend it.
0 ||| This was a total waste of 90 minutes of my life. Terrible, boring, stupid, and senseless don't begin to describe this waste of film. How anyone can rate it 4 or 5 starts is beyond me. I think I'm open minded. I watch horror, slasher, foreign and suspense films all the time. This has nothing going for it. It is NOT scary in the least. And the special effects are about as well done as a high school play. This is just garbage. I would have given it zero stars, but that's not an option.
2 ||| On the back of this record player, it was manufactured in January of 2008 and now in October of 2011 it is dead. Pretty sure the belt just died on it.I had it set up to play through my computer speakers and as long as you have a decent system it should sound good. I played records on it quite often, but I still think it should've lasted more than 3 years. I also had the same issue other reviews stated about the bottom plate sticking up, but I just taped it down and that worked fine.Probably should just pay a little more for something a little better than this one.
0 ||| Maybe there are wannabes out there who would pay $6800 for speaker cables but they aren't in my league. I've paid at least twice, thrice and um, more than thrice, times $6800 for speaker cables at my several mansions around the world. $6800 speaker cables? I might use them to hang Christmas lights on my Greenwich mansion, or to serve as chains on my Ferrari when I drive it through the snow in Aspen, Vail or Tahoe. Or for leashes when I walk my Dobermans. Or actually when my dog walkers walk my Dobermans - they growl and bark at me when I go near them. I hear Larry King uses these as suspenders. In Dubai, they call these shoelaces. Chuck Norris flosses with them. $6800 speaker cables? As if.
4 ||| This is so fantastic! I started out taking Pilates classes, but the cost became prohibitive. So, I came across this DVD. I've always enjoyed the Dummies books, so I figured this was worth a shot.It's a KEEPER! I started out just renting it from Netflix in case I didn't care for it, but quickly bought it. It's very simple, very straightforward, and very easy to understand. I wanted to do this for expercise and relaxation -- not some "spiritual journey binding your feet to the grass of the earth" (I seriously heard that in another one) or something, and this is great for that. I HIGHLY recommend this!
0 ||| I should have listened to the first reviewer. It truly was nothing more than a blanket- with no provisions for seat belts or headrests. You could cut them in yourself but you can do that with a blanket and probably have a much easier time of it (cutting into this material and not having it fray would be near impossible). Can't believe it is being sold as a bench seat cover. I sent it back and got the Elegant brand instead from a local parts store. Elegant had the provisions for the seat belts and the head rests. So much happier with that purchase.
3 ||| This band knows how to deliver rock & roll with the kind of drumbeat, tantilizing guitar riffs and solid bass while not over-powering the deep, gritty vocals that will thunder from yourspeakers. There are slower more acoustic moments on this cd butBNS comes back with another onslaught of heavy, old style metalthat they have cultivated from the bands that have influencedthem. No-they are not copying styles but using their own musicand lyrics to pay tribute to the great rockers who have proceeded them. Get your copy and you'll love each track. As alistener you'll even be able to find people in your own life thatthese musician's are speaking about. Once you own the cd you'llneed to see a live show to understand what many of us already know. This is 'Your New Favorite Band!'
0 ||| This sandbox is terrible. We have had it for one year now and it doesn't keep the water out even with the lid on. In fact, there are such large gaps between the lid and the box that it becomes an insect haven (spiders, earwigs etc). The wind has blown the lid off several times. And so much moisture got into it over the winter because the lid didn't fit properly that when we opened it up this spring all the sand was moldy on top. Talk about disgusting. Unfortunately, my hubby is really frugal so he won't let me buy a new box for our girls but for those of you still shopping, my advice is to save yourselves the hassle and spend an extra $10 or $15 on a better box.
1 ||| I used this piece for 5 months and now I DONT like it.. people just cannot hear me on the other end - the volume adjustments are a joke. The body is sleek and smooth. I dropped the phone once and the front screen has a big crack now.. The reception is not good. My husband has a sanyo phone and it works perfectly when my razor doesnt even catch the signal.. There is no ring+vibrate option, i miss that option.If you still want to buy it, buy a leather case and a blue tooth to compensate for the fragile body and bad volume and deal with the signal issues :)
1 ||| The only reason that I pre-ordered this book was that it was for the 2013 exam. This new exam is totally different than previous ones. However, the book missed the part about the new essay questions. There are 2 long FRQs & 4 short ones. There is also no guessing penalty. The book says that there are 4 long FRQs and a guessing penalty. This is a terrible error. The review materials seem correct, though.
2 ||| Hasselhoff has a dream sequence that stages the plot for one of the intelligent scripts I have ever seen. END
4 ||| I make no claims to be musically sophisticated or all that knowledgeable about Jazz but Hot Club of San Francisco has become one of my very favorite musical groups and Yerba Buena Bounce is my favorite CD of their music.
4 ||| Where does one begin ? how does one begin ? This novel of Hawthorne is an excellent one .. a classic...a novel to be cherished . The lessons to be learnt about sin ,giult ,denial and eventual deliverance of truth ,redemption and socialization can all be internalized into real life . Yes , Hawthorne was not a perfect Writer but he portrays the language skillfully and beautifully . I must stress that to reaal understand this book, you shouldn't be cranking up the volume on your stereo and drinking caffeine drinks ....if you do . you'll fell the book is " the worst book you could ever read "
0 ||| I used to LOVE John Grisham, but I found this book extremely boring and yet the perfect book to bore me right to sleep every night. I only needed to read one page each night before I was out. I can understand his other books centered around Christmas and family life being more sensitive and about feelings and stuff, but when the title comes right out and says, " The Last Juror" and there's a picture of a Jury table on the front cover I expect it to be as fast-paced and exciting as all of his other law books. I was very dissapointed. The summary on the inside flaps actually built it up that way, which is why I forked over the money to buy it. But, like many movie trailers, most all of the exciting parts were in the summary and the book, for the most part dragged and dragged. If you are looking for a typical fast-paced John Grisham book do not get The Last Juror. You will be highly dissapointed!
1 ||| I'm female and didn't like this movie. I was expecting lots of ice skating stunts, but there weren't many. Most of the movie focused on the "love" story between the two main characters. "Love" is in quotation marks because it was not a believeable love story: the two characters were very different and neither was likeable. The female's sudden, inexplicable transformation from nasty to sweet is likewise unbelieveable (but predictable). Additionally, the movie was full of unappealing cliches: the female constantly nagging the hapless male, random women fawning all over the male (even though he's nothing to write home about), tough guy getting in touch with his sensitive "inner self," and on and on. I don't recommend it.
4 ||| Wasn't sure how I'd like reading on the Kindle Fire....but it was great....I re-read the Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings every couple years, now I have it in a convienent format!
3 ||| Lynn O'Shaughnessy's book Retirement Bible was informative and helpful as I plan for my retirement. It was in a format that even I could understand. I appreciated her help on buyer beware. I will probably hire a good financial advisor to assist and this book has educated me, so when I do interview advisors I hope they will be ready for all my questions.
0 ||| The R rated DVD of this movie is not worth the price. It's cut to smithereens. Buy the unrated version, instead.
0 ||| Elevages Perigord is a company that promotes cruelty towards defenseless animals. They torture and inhumanly treat animals. Please do your research about them if you are thinking of buying any of their products.Amazon, I will not shop your site until products from this company are discontinued.
1 ||| Don't bother watching before they find the lost city, peopled by a "legendary white tribe" in the middle of Africa. Of course they're the ones with the gold.
1 ||| Unit was purchased to use in middle school classroom. It lasted one month. I checked the switch and that was alright so I'm assuming either the overload or motor failed.
2 ||| Released as "ffolkes" outside the United Kingdom, "North Sea Hijack" (1979) provides Roger Moore with a surprisingly good character role. However, one wishes this action thriller was more effective. Director Andrew V. McLaglen cannot salvage a formulaic script and lackluster production values. The solid cast (including James Mason and Anthony Perkins) makes for an OK time-filler. McLaglen and Moore fared better with "The Wild Geese" (1978).
3 ||| To me this book is about the importance of understanding different positions. It is about the importance of interaction and not reaction to problems. It shows how two boys who are very different and start their relationship hating each other, turned into kids that were best friends. It taught me a lot about understanding and finding a middle ground. It's funny, although the book is about two Jewish boys, it seemed almost Buddhist in nature.... Anyway, read this book.
4 ||| in germany this movie is out of stock for long years, so I had only a bootleg in very bad quality to watch it. but even in this way I think it is a very entertaining horror movie. the critics in germany hated or ignored it but I think it comes very close to the best hammer horror movies of the 70s. there is very good acting, in particular paul muller as frankensteins poor assistant charles, rosanna alby as the wicked lady and our german actor herbert fuchs who gives an over the top performance as the leacherous bodysnatcher lynch. greetings from germany and merry christmas
3 ||| I like Foundation because it's a solid piece of sci-fi from olden days. (George Lucas's stealing of Asimov's city-planet for his Coruscant - tsk tsk, Georgie - amazed me most.) Foundation does have peculiarities. People hundreds of thousands of years in the future speak like us. They use phrases like us. They also have the same atomic technology as people did in the 1950s. Asimov got a bit lazy here; he could've imagined something cooler than nukes. The galaxy is a metaphor for a crumbling Roman empire. Perhaps Terminus is Ireland. As for A's style, I found his use of long adverbs rather funny. In sum, a good book if you can ignore this stuff.
0 ||| Boring, didn't care for the theme at all, basically crappy music, a failure in every aspect. I can't believe anyone could have the nerve to give this a five star rating. Sheesh.
0 ||| I only bought these because my cat chewed on my sony fontopia headphones and I was low on cash, and these were on sale for $25. I figured they hold me over for a week or two. A minute into the first song I regretted buying them. First of all, they're ugly as all hell. The only reason i got them is because they said they were noise cancelling and the original price was $70. The noise cancelling consists of a distracting static frequency, and there is no bass whatsoever. These are honestly terrible headphones. I should have gotten $15 sony earbuds, i would have been much happier.
0 ||| The picture/description shows it coming with a bracket to hang over the door, but it does not come with it! I sent the first order back and asked for a replacement and it also came without the bracket. I just ended up sending it back.
0 ||| This is the 9/11 concert in MSG - it is not the full concert, U2's brilliant performance is not on this... very disappointing to find that out so buyer beware.
3 ||| P.D.James writes wonderful novels, but this autobiographical sketch of one year in her life is not her best. The year she has chosen to relive for us, 1997, seems to be one continuous round of speaking engagements interspersed with frequently stuffy opinions on English political and social issues. Her discussions of writing and writers were of the most interest to me and I wish she had spent more time talking about her own writing and research.Her opinions of the House of Lords were a bit self-serving. Back to Adam Dalgleish, I say!
4 ||| I really like Measure Of A Man so much, and the thing is I have kids and I can play it loud and don't have to worry about anything bad being said! My daughter loves singing along with Clay. GREAT CD!!! My mom likes it so much too!!! Clay thank you so much for this, truly!!!! Thank you so much!!!
4 ||| I am lucky enough to have an 1822 published book by Duke & Brown of SC and purchased another newer reprint to read. This book is told as a matter of fact document about the remarkable life of Archibald Campbell as he spent 6 yrs at sea. It does not have an emotional quality and reads dry. However, reading between the lines you begin to get an insight into the hardships, perseverance and tenacity of this man. A truly inspiring biography. Books like this should become part of a well read library.
1 ||| I'll begin by saying I'm not a big fan of beat poetry. I'm even less of a fan of mediocre beat poetry. While I'm not entirely comfortable calling Ferlinghetti's work "beat" in the strictest sense of the term (as if "beat" and "strict" should turn up in the same sentence), it is a sort of proto-beat which shows the promise (if you like beat poetry, "shadow" or "spectre" if you don't) of later poets.Nothing to scream about, but not the worse book of verse I've ever read.
3 ||| After reading the 2010 and 2061 just so I can finally figure out the whole story behind the monolith, I finally get to read 3001. It is true what you hear about the book it is not exactly up to Par with 2001 or 2010. It is a very interesting story and takes the word Fiction in Science Fiction to a whole new level, at times I feel that ACC view of the future 1000 years into the future to be almost simple. We find the year 3001 technology not that far ahead of the technology in 2061. If the advancements made in technology during the later half of the 20th century, then I am sure that even if it slows down that we should be much farther ahead of what ACC has us at in 3001. This really isn't a big deal, other then the fact that 2001 and 2010 were drastically much further advanced then we are currently at, so therefore that alternate reality must have a drastic decline in intelligence in the last 9 centuries.
1 ||| I purchased this for my granddaughter for Christmas thinking it was a regular size game so she could learn to take turns. However, I was somewhat disappointed in the size of the game - it is definitely a travel size. I don't believe it was worth the money plus shipping for this product.
3 ||| I'm not much of a Dean Koontz fan; his tendency to use `deus ex machina' to resolve plots and such has always put me off. I'm also not much of a fan of the horror genre anyway, so I rarely read Koontz. However I had heard a bunch about this series, including the rumor that Martin Scorsese had at one time expressed in interest in producing it for TV. Anyway, I was really kind of glad to read this and see that Koontz had put a little life and a novel twist to the old story. I'm actually looking forward to the next two parts.
1 ||| I enjoy this video but it is not one of my favorites. Some of the movements are awkward for your knees. The last segment #3 is not intended for people with knee problems and she states this. I have had complete reconstruction of my knee and I am not able to do the last segment. I tried it once and lasted about two minutes; it is very jarring to the knee. I love most of Tamilee's videos but this is not one of her best.
4 ||| I have not, in a long time, been able to sit down and read a book of 300 pages. "Casting the First Stone" was very exciting and I felt like a major part of Tanya's life. I enjoyed how the author portrayed each of the characters and the church. For the past three years I have not been a member of any church, because of the Curtis' that exist. I believe that if I were to write a book today, it would be entitled "And Let the Truth Be Told" focusing on today's Black churches and the powers within.I enjoyed the writer's book because she used stores and places that I could relate to today. I am planning to read her other books, but I hope that they will not have the same story line. But I like enjoying what was going to happen every minute that I read the book. Roby, keep up the good work.
0 ||| Mercedes Lackey is one of my favorite Authors. This book was such a let down, so much about nothing. The different plot lines were written by different people and you can tell where one picks up and one leaves off. it was a very irritating style.There are so many characters it's easy to mix them up. Some of the characters you never figure out why they are in the novel at all.It's too bad that I spent money on this book when I could have purchased a Mercedes Lackey Novel without help.
3 ||| The seller was very quick with shipping my item to me. My doggie loves the little frog. The squeaker is a little hard to find, so if your dog HAS to have a squeaky toy, this might not be the one. It's in there, but near impossible to get to squeak. Overall, it's a good product and is very durable so far.
0 ||| I am very disappointed with this product. It barely pulled hairs on my legs. I have been using an epilady for years, so I didn't have much hair to pull. Even when it was "on its last leg" it pulled more hairs then the Satinelle Epilator. I sent this product back.
1 ||| Although I enjoyed Infinity Gauntlet, I was more than a little disappointed at its similarity to Dreadstorm and the Original Thanos Saga, as well as the subsequent Infinity War. All Starlin Thanos stories have the same characters and mostly doing the same thing. Here, Thanos is still pining for Death, and trying to destroy the Universe and Warlock is back to trying to stop him with the help of the Avengers and other Heroes. The Heroes all get zapped, but Thanos still loses. Most of the characters are completely irrelevant to the story and are just plot devices to be knocked down by Thanos. It's really really derivative of the earlier stuff. Worse, Thanos seems like a pathetic wuss when he is trying to impress Death, it seems to me that this relationship worked better in the original saga, but I may be remembering it better than it was. This story really did not hold up.
2 ||| I hardly ever listne to this album. Take me To Your Leader is way better. The only songs I like on this one are Woohoo, or however you spell it, and Entertaining Angels. Way to popish for my taste.
3 ||| I was very excited to get the EASYLIFT system installed on my 2001 F350 Crew Cab. The reviews are awesome, the idea is awesome, and the price was right!I must say the the install is not quite as easy as stated (in my experience). I felt very uncomfortable drilling holes, and the instructions, although clear where to put the holes, don't tell you that the metal on your truck WILL BEND once the easy lift is installed. This bothered me enough to knock off 1 star. The functionality is great, and it really does make the tailgate super light, but I didn't like the bending of metal.Would I recommend to a friend? Yes
0 ||| Ostensibly sympathetic to Japanese Americans, Snow Falling On Cedars actually crosses the line to propaganda by failing to acknowledge that there is another side of the story. The Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor is barely mentioned, the killing of hundreds of innocent civilians that led to the unjust internment of Japanese Americans omitted. But the film goes even furher, referring to the camps as "concentration camps," which they were not; this is a deliberately misleading lie. These omissions and false impressions can only stir up bad memories and provoke renewed hatred. My father defended the U.S.A. and the rest of the world from the Japanese during World War II, watched many of his friends slaughtered, and would turn over in his grave if he were aware of this atrocious, simple-minded, one-sided film.
3 ||| These liners are as good as the "name brand" liners, and are only slightly less expensive, without compromising tensile strength. There are other liners available which are less expensive, and perform as well as these.
3 ||| Child uses the same character but each book is a different story. Although there are occasional references to previous story lines, the setting and direction are completely new.
3 ||| There are indeed some historical flaws in this movie, so don't purchase "Gladiator" as a history lesson. As a story, however, it is excellent, with stellar performances by the entire cast. There is no explicit sex (and the only innuendo is shown as desired by one party and rejected by the other, and not accomplished) and only one or two instances of swearing. There are, however, definitely some adult themes of vengeance, incest (desired by the evil emperor, so it's given proper moral context), and gore. Lots of gore. This movie is as gory as you have heard. If that doesn't bother you, however, and great themes of courage, nobility, and justice float your boat, you should purchase this movie.
0 ||| Mortal Kombat Mythologies sucked just as much as the other MK Adventure games.Those being of course,Special Forces and Shaolin Monks.The storyline in this game is set years and years before the first MK Tournament took place.I guess you could call it a pre-quel.The gameplay is absolutley terrible.The controls are very unresponsive and there are WAY too many cheap hits that you take in this game.MKM mixes both repetive digitized graphic gameplay and awful acting in FMV sequences.As many have said,this game is extremly difficult.Hell,I had a VERY hard time beating it,with cheat codes...and with it being on very easy.All this mostly due to all the cheap hits that you get hit with by different enemies.There is also puzzle solving as well.Most of which will have you pulling out your hair.Overall,This game is crap and you shouldn't waste one dollar on it.Avoid this and the other two MK adventure titles as well.
3 ||| I have owned several can crushers and the honeymoon was over quickly on each one. This can crusher would have gotten 5 stars if it crushed the can just 1/4 to 1/2" more. My wife buys Red Bull by the case and this is the first can crusher I have ever seen or heard of that can crush them. Ordinary can crushers can not handle the tall and skinny Red Bull cans. My recycle bin sits right below and the Easy Pull drops the can in when complete. Gravity - not just a good idea, it's the law.
1 ||| I own this little jumper and I am not very happy with it.Pros: You need to start your car... buy an orange extension outside extension cable, plug it in and charge it and it is ready to go.Cons: The negative jumper cable terminal "flew" off and broke after one use. I had it in my trunk and cannot find the darn little piece. As a result, I have a non-usable charger. The manufacture made such a stupid little piece and I cannot use this tool for what it intended for.As a result, I had to flag down another motorist and "Ask for a Jump". I will call the manufacturer to see if they can send me another lead.I will keep everyone updated on my service from the company.
0 ||| The item was damaged, and previously a returned item. Half of the wire top was not attached.Guessing from the vendor name and the fact that this was a previously opened item, I believe it was a defective item. The vendor is less than scrupleous to send defective items... fool me once... never again!
4 ||| This is a definite must for the belivers working in any organization (Christian or Secular). This has leadership concept which can be taught to the Business Students.We have always known the Bible has lot of management principles. This book brings it very clearly and in a simple language.I have become a more serious student of God's Word with this Bible.Warm RegardsAllwyn George
0 ||| I received the F800 in good order and time. The battery failed within a week after first usning it. I was very careful not to leave the unit on after using to insure battery life. Perhaps something else failed but the results were the same - - - in the garbage can!
3 ||| Very cute, colors are great. Very heavy, so it's great for holding doors. The only problem is that it is much smaller than I expected. The photo's don't give any kind of scale.
3 ||| While the end of the book and the beginning are rather good, you as a reader should look forward to a long and boring mid section of this novel. It rambles on and on about detail and things that have little if no action.For a period of a few months I quit reading this book because the fourty or fifty page sections with the three women characters were so boring that I felt like I was wasting my time.So I warn you... if you are willing to fight through the boring sections with the women characters then I suggest reading this book, its ending is worth the wait.
1 ||| Well, I picked this film up purely by chance in the hopes that it would be another gem like Shawn of the Dead. I gotta say, I had my hopes set a little too high. There were a few decent gags throughout and the tongue-in-cheek send up to B-horror movies was duly noted. However, this film just didn't hold my attention. I got about 30 minutes into the film and wanted to shut it off as it just dragged. I kept watching in the hopes it would get better. It's an odd sensation to want to finish watching a movie since you've "come this far" and on the other hand want the last hour and a half of your life back. I'm sure there are other fans out there who will enjoy this more than I did, but don't get your hopes up.
0 ||| I was originally pleased with the make of the washer but the connector between the washer and hose broke, when i ordered the replacement parts it took them over 1 "YEAR" to get the replacement parts to me. That is not a typo and i find it ignorant that it took that long to replace a plastic part that they should have had mass produced with plenty of spares. Do not buy, the customer service is horrible and the machine breaks easily, not to mention to get it fixed takes a year.
4 ||| Just when you think the author can't get more creative with revenge scenarios this little gem pops up. Yes, one of our girls gets the last laugh and it is quite a good one. The side stories are interesting also so jump into this and enjoy.This series is one of the most entertaining reads to happen is a long while.
2 ||| This book was really just so-so for me. As you already know, it tells of his 20+ years in various Soviet prisons and labor camps. I wanted to read this due to his being a priest and to experience it from that perspective, but he only touched on that, relative to simply telling what happened in a matter of fact type of narrative. While touching on his life as a priest he really doesn't extrapolate much on the spiritual nature -- he leaves that to his much betterHe Leadeth Me, which I do recommend. Since that is the case, you are left simply with a narrative of what he went through over those years, and that is why was just OK for me. After readingOne Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich,The Gulag Archipelago Volume 1: An Experiment in Literary Investigation (P.S.), and evenMemoirs from the House of the Dead (Oxford World's Classics), the tales told, as crazy and terrible as they were, start to run together.
1 ||| I am an avid reader of Pat Cornwell's novels. Point of Origin was heartwrenching. But I was extremely disappointed with Black Notice. It was disjointed, vulgar, and implausible. PLEASE BRING BACK BENTON!!!!
1 ||| Nokia made a good attempt, but needs to try a bit harder.First, the good:-Small and light-Gorgeous screen-Great battery life-Wireless connections just work -- no fiddling aroundNow, the less-than-good:-No keyboard (I know -- get the 810. But it's $200 more, and the keyboard is all that I want from the 810)-The OS seems as though it was created for a bigger screen. Especially in OS2008, the menus and fonts are HUGE, taking up a lot of screen space and necessitating a lot of scrolling.-This is not a PIM. No attempt was made to even try to make it one, although you can hack up a fair facsimile.-It's a bit slow: start-up time is incredibly long (almost as long as my desktop PC), and it's not as responsive as I'd like it to be.Bottom line: If you're looking for a web browser/book reader/note taker that is small, reasonably quick, and hackable, then this is the gizmo for you.
1 ||| This story lacks passion, character development, and most of all, an interesting plotlines. Their is no crucial conflict, no culmination, no threat that either side may win or lose. The story lacked intensity, and made of for it with it's exceptional reality. However, reality may work for some fiction, it did not for this one. Overall, I think this story used mediocrity as it's paradigm
4 ||| *Note** Actually only a 7 hour movie.**This movie is great for DVD, because you can pause it any time and come right back to the spot where you left off. I had never heard of the "10th Kingdom", I saw the movie in the store,I read the summary and thought I would give it a try. WOW, what a great story! I am glad I bought it. It is 200 years after the "Happily ever After..." part in the fairy tales we grew up hearing about.The actor Scott Cohen plays the chcaracter "Wolf", a very energetic and entertaining character to watch, and easily my favorite. I am now buying it for my Mom, one who loves fantsy and fairy tales.
3 ||| The New York vocalist, and one time member of the Sophisticated Gents (at age 17), Jeff Redd, released his debut, A Quiet Storm, in the year of 1990 on Uptown/MCA records. Though, it didn't cause much noise; Redd displayed a strong, soulful voice and very professional delivery, and had some fairly good new jack songs and romantic ballads. Redd's responeses from late-night radio shows were solid ("Love High" and "What Goes Around, Comes Around."), the only positive thing that was missing was a big hit.
3 ||| This album was originally due on Roadrunner (which i have), and since the band was dropped, the band signed to a new label.The cd starts off quite well with the energetic track "Do it Again" but after the 5th track, starts to go up and down, with no constant energy. It seems as if the first 5 tracks are good, but the remaining tracks seem to lack effort. The vocals are great, i love the variety in style. Guitars use a variety of styles and riffs to create diversity, which is done quite uniquely. Drumming is ok, and at times the bass is non-existant. It is a good cd, but i recommend you to listen to it before buying. Great for fans of the new hard rock bands such as Liquid Gang, and Full Devil Jacket.
4 ||| This is a good quality product. The leakage is almost none. We have been using it for quite some time now and are very satisfied.
3 ||| hello-this mouse is super,it has one little problem ,the sides need to have a none slip finish other than that i defintly, would buy another
4 ||| My 8 year old loves this game. He has gotten hours of use and fun out of it so far. I'd recommend it for child between 7 - 10.
1 ||| I bought this remembering what I thought about the Beetles and boy was it a disappointment. My gosh they weren't very good were they; rather amateurish and just not very good musically.The songs were good and I did enjoy revisiting the album which I hadn't heard in over 20 years. But the one thought I came away with was that they weren't really very good and one wonders how they came to be what they became.
2 ||| This product does what it is supposed to do, however it is large and difficult to store. If I buy another, I will choose a smaller version that is easier to manage.
4 ||| I've been meaning to read this book for a long time now. I've heard about it since my school days but never really had the urge to pick it up. Honestly, I'm glad I waited. I don't think I would have appreciated the novel quite as much as I do now if I had read it in my teen years.Though this book was published in the 50's, it is relevant today. It is raw human nature at its finest. It is audacious, and I love it! It is a haunting depiction of society - an allegory of civilized mentality, which is revealed here as chaos.I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
4 ||| A Farewell to Arms was an amazing story during a terrible war. The hidden love affair between Lt. Henry and Cathrine culminated with tramatic results such as the War itself. This is a story that can not be left half finished. This is one of the great books of Ernest Hemmingway that can not be forgotten.
4 ||| All I can say is WOW! I've crunk this cd so many times, especially Morning Glory. I can't seem to get the volume high enough. That song is perfect for the summer time at the beach, having a great time with friends! Every song is a hit and showcases real talent, the Gallagher boys do us Irish lads proud!
0 ||| collar is too big, the length is too long and fit is very loose,not what I was expecting. from the photo it looks different.
2 ||| While I enjoy fashion and try hard not to love all the books based on women's obessesions with clothing and that strange, fascinating world, this book left me yearning to read a book about someone I actually could relate with and feel for...like Bridgette Jones or Shopaholic. The book was a slow read, especially since the author skipped around so much and many times dragged on when describing for instance her friend's makeup suitcase. I didn't pity the main character Andrea once, and couldnt understand why she stuck out the job as long as she did. She had no solid proof she would be working at the New Yorker after one year. When I forced myself to finish the book, I thought the same thing as a previous reviewer said...I was looking for more of an ending, for some gaps to be filled, and was left with a blank page.
2 ||| When I first saw this book and what the title was, I thought, "Eragon? Sounds a LOT like Aragorn...". Nevertheless, I read the book and I loved it for it's easy to understand writing and plot...I still think that with time and experience, Paolini could shine because he DOES have potential, but he shouldn't have written so early. Perhaps he needs to grow into his talent before he writes because although his writing showed promise, there were WAY~ too many similarities between his book and LOTR, SW Trilogy, etc...I felt like I was reading a fusion of the above mentioned fantasies (a quite MESSY fusion)...I'm quite sure you all know what I am talking about. If not, just read the other reviews.All in all, I am disappointed because of paolini's TOTAL lack of creativity. Hopefully he develops his OWN plot in the next book of the Inheritance...
1 ||| Every topic it discusses, C++, CORBA, design patterns, frameworks etc. is discussed in a superficial manner.A person who has any knowledge of the topics will find that they learn nothing new reading this book. A person who has no experience in any of the topics will not learn enough to do anything usefull.Frankly, this book falls into the category that all too many new technical books falls into. One gets the feeling that the reader is suposed to take notes using a crayola.
3 ||| I believe there are some people--many of whom are artists-- who arrive on this earth to warn us of the future. George Orwell--a Humanistic Socialist--is one of those people. I write in the present tense because although Mr. Orwell has left us, his masterpiece works such as 1984 and Animal Farm, remain, and probably will--as all great artistic works--for a very long time.The warning that 1984 represents is that of impending dystopia--evil in its abject, Senseless, Self-Serving brutality--that threatens to take hold of our human society whenever people become complacent. The question is will we heed the warnings and begin taking responsibility for creating heaven on earth-- or will we wallow in this dangerous complacency and thereby enable the bullies to take over for the sheer love of power?
2 ||| I never understand why manufacturers of a great product have to change the design but that appears to be what happened with this dustpan. My daughter has one that she bought a few years ago and it works beautifully - there are never any small lines of dirt or dust left at the edge of the pan - but hers has a small rubber strip at the bottom of the pan and that must be the reason why hers works so well. I bought one this December because my cheaper dustpan always left that line of dirt but the newer version doesn't have that strip - and it does leave a line. So now this dustpan doesn't work much better than cheaper ones.
0 ||| I'm going to make this short and sweet. What a disappointment. I also waited with much anticipation for this book and was so upset I almost but a match to it. The ending left me wanting to throw it out the window. I loved all the previous books but like other reviewers I found myself skipping page after page searching for some "action". I'm hoping the next one will be better. Usually I buy the hard copy. I may wait and get it from the library.
3 ||| This book was pretty good, although a little out of date as other reviewers mentioned. I can't complain too much, since this book was free, but it lacked a lot from the missing illustrations. In several sections the examples were completely omitted, most notably the section on letters. This really took away from the book.
4 ||| Used this book all of the time in my German classes! Wish I had had this sooner, would have made everything a lot simpler. Its easy to use, easy to understand, and great when you need to find something quick. This should be a book every college student, studying German, should be required to have.
4 ||| The video is good and ready to be resold or switched with the number factory or something more challenging.FMLyons
4 ||| Bought these for my wife. They are not great to walk in, she tells me, but she looks fantastic in them.Do yourself a favor and treat that special lady in your life to these classic shoes.; )
0 ||| Totally ridiculous. A Waste of time, which would be better spent watching paint dry. Unless you are doing research on deluded people. Anyone who believes this claptrap should take a course in rational thinking. I reccomend reading "Why People Believe Weird Things", by Michael Shermer.
3 ||| No compaints at all after a few months of use. I definitely recommend this product... but look elsewhere. Amazon's price - $79. Walmart's price - $39. Same product.
2 ||| Movie pundits are right. While I enjoyed the movie this was rather lack lustre. I would have liked Mary Martin and Ezio Pinza, from Broadway, to have starred in the movie, but then maybe the less than glowing movie was a reult of director's work.
2 ||| I bought this to take with me on business travel. It's small enough to fit into a shirt pocket. The battery lasts a long time with the volume cranked way up to cover jet engine noise. I've been having a problem with it lately where the back light won't work properly. (or much at all) It still plays fine, but the back light will flicker for a while and then not come on at all during play. It's a bit annoying, but the songs still keep playing. I'm an electrical engineer, so I may attempt to pull it open and take a look, but it's already small enough to require the use of a microscope. It was never designed to play video, but having thumbnails of your kids with you in a little MP3 toy is pretty cool. (until the back light died)
3 ||| Having read the Betsy Tacy books by Maud Hart Lovelace many times, I instantly recognized the author's meaning when describing how slim Betsy and Tacy both were as if it were a rarity. Anita Louise's costumes are from the same period as the Betsy Tacy books and her figure is noticeably slimmer and the clothes look different from even the idealized fashion designer renderings. I'm not a fan of the Little Princess story nor of Shirley Temple but this is a well-done production if you don't take it too seriously. Miss Minchen's menace is muted for the 1939 audience but it is instructively chilling how she automatically uses endearments when Sara Crewe is still rich.
1 ||| this movie is good for one reason because it gives a review of freddy's life. but the plot otherwise is bad and the acting(with the exception of Englund) is bad and freddy is to much of a comic in this movie. it doesn't really connect with other movies that well either.
4 ||| Sir David is his usual charming self in this beautifully made documentary. I can't see there ever being a better video series about birds, this truly is the penultimate expression of Attenborough's love of nature. The cinematography is top-notch and there are no boring segments to be found. If you are at all interested in birds, whether casually or professionally, you owe it to yourself to watch these videos.
0 ||| A bad book made worse by the fact it took twelve years to write. I really cannot add anything else that has not already been said. Ayla is the source of all technology, she discovers/invents every tool that ever existed. She is perfect in every way, shape and form. Far from making mistakes as she did in Clan of the Cave Bear, she executes every form of etiquette perfectly, no matter how new or strange it is to her.The book is poorly written, with cardboard characters that have no believablity. It's poorly edited, with massive amounts of repetition and run-on sentences. Entire sections of the book can be skipped with no loss to the story. Auel never seemed to catch on to the idea that a book can be short, and still be good.I won't go on any longer, because everything that needs to be said has been said in the spotlight reviews.
0 ||| This seller is saying that $19.95 is 43% off retail when retail is $19.95. This seller has some bogus product name, not the real product name, and not many details. No wonder people give this person 3 stars. He doesn't deserve that. Find a real seller of this pouch.Then one of the "reviewers" says the snap was on wrong? Puh-leeze. Maybe this seller is buying these from some chinese knock off shop?I have bought 9 or 10 of these pouches over the last 20 years (with the steel) to go with the Victorinox Ranger knife (who was the reviewer that said this pouch only fit one Victorinox knife? Maybe they bought the wrong size).Love the Victorinox Ranger. And a **genuine** Dermatt XL pouch with the steel is very cool, very sturdy and I love mine. So have all those who have gotten one. That's why I have bought so many more to give to others. And I am getting ready to buy 3 more, but not from this seller.
1 ||| This book was a boring reading. It didn't stand the author's distinguished career nor as a good science writing. It may help to educate very novices on brain science as a whole. But it failed to give a solid answer to its main premise - where does the creativity lie in brain's multivaried structure. This book though gives some very important examples from extremely creative people's experiences, "moments of epiphanies". It mentions what Mozart, Poincare or similar person's description of their individual feelings when they were on the verge of some creative thought. On the whole this books failed to explain how and why geniuses are geniuses, but has not forgotten to mention that the author herself was a genius (at least twice in the book). Better books are by Edelman, Koch and Crick's books on conciousness.
0 ||| Well as a student of History, this movie is to say the least, pittiful. The acting is so bad some of the fighting sequences are laughable. The young women who plays Joan, should go back to acting school, she only seems to have two levels crazy, and crazy screaming. The only good thing about the film were the sets and costumes.
2 ||| not a bad box for the price but no were the sound quality of my old AWIA 926 but also no were the price either.But sadly the first one would not read mp3 cds so I returned it and amazon proved once again to be a great companyas they automaticly picked up the reurn ship cost with out questionand now waiting for the replacment
0 ||| This book was absolutely awful until I reached the notes at the end of the book. I was bored by the lack of theme to the story and much of the visual descritpion was unnessecary. I was also confused by the absence of important information. Not until the end of the book did I realize that the story took place during World War II. Also, I could not decipher who the boys were and why they were all together yet did not know each other for some time. Once I reached the reflective notes at the end, though, I was very impressed by the symbolism and hidden ideas in the book. I would only prefer to find them myself in the reading, rather than be told them at the end. For instance, I made no connection as to how the sow was killed to rape because the killing was not vividly described, and no resemblance was obvious. The notes told me that, and I understood the total point the author was trying to make more, but I was still disappointed that I could not have made the connections myself.
0 ||| I wonder if the same people who gave this vacumn high ratings would give the same rating after six months. Mine worked well for about six months and stopped working this past weekend. I had it cleaned out thoroughly and replaced the belt, but the power would not come on. My first thought was that the built-in Thermal Protector shut it down because of overheating. It should then reset itself after 30 minutes. Well...it's been two days....I would think that you would want your vacumn works longer than six months. If so, please consider another product that is not made by Hoover. Good Luck if you decided to give this a try because of other reviews.
0 ||| Like any bottom-sucker, Yoko continues to feed off the legacy of a deeply troubled, yet brilliant, man. If you have a warm spot in your heart for John Lennon, do not buy this book.
4 ||| Sure it's over-the-top but it's also very good. There isn't a weak spot in the cast. The psychopathic killer is a personal favorite. Try to find all the Hitchcock film references. This movie won't disappoint.
3 ||| This is a great show, I remember watching it when I was in high school. Boy, Jim has aged, poor devil! :-) However, the video transfer is not very good. I was VERY disappointed in this production. The sound is great on my home system, but the video transfer for Hawaii Five-0, The Untouchables, and Wild, Wild West were MUCH clearer and better even though they are 20-30 years older! So it's good to have if you like the show, but be prepared for a picture that's a bit grainy if you have a big screen HDTV.
4 ||| Brokaw does a commendable job of describing how the "Greatest Generation" earned its name. For those who are interested in which generation is likely to be the next great one, I highly recommend a new book titled "Millennials Rising" by generational authors Neil Howe and Bill Strauss. They believe that in the cycle of generations, today's youngsters--the Millennials (born 1982 to the present)--will replace the G.I. generation as the next great generation. The Millennials are already reversing many of the negative social trends associated with the last generation of young adults, i.e. the Generation Xers.
0 ||| I bought this software and installed it on my machine. Every time I tried to use it, it crashed my system so hard it wouldn't even respond to ALT+CTRL+DEL. I was never able to print even a single business card.
2 ||| I would have given this movie 4 or 5 stars if the ending hadn't left me so utterly disappointed. I wouldn't buy this movie and I'll probably not watch it again.
4 ||| I have used this product for years. It soothes arthritis, sore muscles and joints without the "Ben Gay" smell or feel. It takes a fraction of the amount you would use in the more popular brands and has a pleasing lemon scent. At night before bed I apply a small amount to an area in need and wake up feeling great.
1 ||| I read the review "feel ripped off" I completly understand this person's anger , this happend to me with the Anniversary dvd edition of Myst/ (Riven) does not work and is a know problem with some video cards which Ubisoft knows about, while on the site i checked to see if my card would be compatiable with URU hence as the reviewer wrote it would not support it , i have Intel intergrated chipset also. I think all stores or online sites should post this info as soon as it becomes available, too many burned consumers out there.
3 ||| An ideal barroom band, this slightly sloppy, easy-going, infectiously catchy rock has its limitations and repetitive compositional qualities but often captures intoxicating ephemera effectively.
1 ||| These are good videos, no doubt. Hype Williams was a big influence for people like Paul Hunter and Little X. But this whole set is disappointing and predictable. Why must he give us the videos that we've all seen a million times before and can still see today on BET or MTV? How many times have we seen TLC's "No Scrubs" and Jay-Z's "Big Pimpin'"? Where's all of the lesser-known works like Jay-Z's "Can't Knock the Hustle?" Where's R. Kelly's "I Can't Sleep Baby (remix)"? Lin'Que's "Let It Fall"? Any Missy videos? I was geeked to see Wu-Tang Clan's "Can It Be All So Simple" but was upset because they cut the preview of the "Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuttin..." video with "coming soon" shown at the bottom. And the interview with Hype was pretty dull. You're better off taping these videos off the TV; at least then you'll get the uncensored version of "No Scrubs" (they block out the "a" and "h" words on here).
1 ||| I got this book because when I did a google search on How to Make anna riva oils I was sent to this book! So I assumed with the way the title was worded that there would be recipes in this book! FYI folks their are *NO* recipes in this book!!!!the book is great for traditional use of these oils and thats it!!!
0 ||| They make you enter at least one star otherwise I wouldn't have given it any. It's a sad state of affairs when a worthless movie like this is produced. I watched it twice just in case I missed something. I didn't. Loaned it to a friend who couldn't stay awake for it. My son, an Adam Sandler fan, thought it grueling to watch. I don't understand these other reviews. I suppose it's either a love it or hate it type of movie. Frankly, I don't think Adam Sandler is that powerful an actor that he can afford to make a movie like this that alienates so many viewers. He owes me my [$$$] rental fee back.
0 ||| Used this for about 7 months. The bottom part wasn't as sturdy as we had hoped. It cracked and leaked water from the pressure of operating the spinner. Can't hold a good amount of water without bending out of shape and almost breaking. After about a year of moderate/occasional use, the spinning mechanism finally came to a grinding halt. I'm looking for a sturdier product now.
3 ||| Although I figured out very early what would happen regarding one key plot point, I nevertheless recommend this book as a good weekend read. The characters are believable, as are the situations and conversations. There are suspenseful moments, and funny ones, and of course, touching ones as well. Very enjoyable, on the whole.It's of the genre pouring out of England in the past few years -- I think Helen Fielding started the trend with the Bridget Jones books, although the books about Adrian Mole are in the same vein, and predate Fielding by awhile -- humor diarists writing winningly about everyday situations. Jane Green does a nice job, too, and the best recent offering is _I Don't Know How She Does It_. If you read that one, this book will seem a little flat, but still well worth reading.
0 ||| Don't buy this CD and spend your money on something else worth your money. You only get two songs on this anyway. Hilary is the worst singer ever. I bet Hilary thinks she looks punk and goth on the cover. Lyk totalli !~111. No.
0 ||| I washed it before used it for the first time. The next day I wore it, I found my skin were itchy all over place on my stomach. And I feel that the heat on my body trapped on that.
1 ||| I have been a Cher fan since the Sonny and Cher tv show days. I have two other dvd's of Cher live one at the Mirage and one at M.G.M. and they are both truly entertaining to watch . I was kinda sorta disappointed in this Cher Vegas video not because of Cher or her songs but the way it was put together. I mean first off you have no idea of where she was appearing in Vegas and also this video was not really a clear copy. I have no idea irf it was a copy of the original but it is NOT worth the price in my opinion. It is okay it it is your first Cher video but to a true Cher fan it was not an A grade video maybe a C + or a B - .Dennis in Ky
0 ||| Russell is using yet another off shore manufacture and the quality is not the same. The shorts are sized different then the past that I have worn for years. The waist to crouch is 3 inches longer and the crouch to leg is yet another 3 inches. The Russell R on the side is not stitched any longer but an iron on.
0 ||| I was greatly disappointed with the way this classic story was printed. The typing errors throughout the book ie.words that all ran into each other, and even pages of the story missing, made what should have been a pleasant read into a chore to finish it.I had looked forward to re-reading all the old school classics on my new Kindle but if the conversion of the old publications to e-readers are of the same standard, then I will not want to do so.I fear that "Oliver will not be asking for more" unless the recipe is improved.I have rated it only one star ,not because of Dickens Story but because it was spoiled for me by it's typing.
2 ||| It'd be nice if they'd release a version with EVERYTHING. ALL the extra footage and extended scenes, narration, and so forth. The only thing I really liked about this version was that they fixed Zhora's death chase scene.Disk two has a featurette, which is over 3 hours long. If you are a true fan of this movie, you will savor every second of it. But if you're not, you could be bored silly (I was). Because they go into serious detail. I also thought they would do a segment comparing all the different versions of this movie, but they didn't. In one segment, they showed the Millennium Falcon building they put in the cityscape, but no one mentioned it verbally, which seemed odd.It would also had been nice if they showed the deleted scenes seperately that they talked about in the featurette. But they didn't. They covered too much of the unimportant elements and too little of the important stuff.
1 ||| I am surprised to read the raving comments about Ms Ewing. I watched the production as it was broadcasted by C4 about 10 yrs ago. The whole performance was just wierd. I cannot say I could enjoy the production, esp. Ms. Ewing's singing.
1 ||| When I recieved this book I was very excited. Looking through it the photography and presentation of the desserts is magnificent. Unfortunatly after numerous attempts on atleast 3 recipes I have decided to put this book on my coffee table and not my cookbook shelf. I found the recipes to lack clarity and some just don't turn out right even with following the directions to the letter. I have used it only as picture reference since the last fiasco. A beautiful book but a sad dissapointment as a cookbook.
2 ||| Contrary to the reviewer who says it is not clear that this is only one volume of 3, I thought there was 6 or 7 volumes altogether. The title clearly says "The Thirteen Books of the Elements, Vol.2: Books 3-4", so obviously this is volume 2 of a collection. Knowing that the original Elements had 13 books, my assumption was there must be several more volumes in this new edition. Actually, Amazon's title of the book is wrong! If you look at the front cover, or the index of this book, you can see that it says "Vol.2 (Books III-IX)". And if you are interested to know, volume 1 covers books I and II, and volume 3 covers books X through XIII so altogether they cover the original Elements entirely.Update (10/14/2010):At the time I wrote the previous review, the book's title was "The Thirteen Books of the Elements, Vol.2: Books 3-4". Obviously Amazon must have realized the mistake and corrected the title to "...: Books 3-9")
1 ||| I've been required to read this book for my reading class. We took quizzes onit and discussed the book. I really didn't enjoy reading what I read because it'sabout the future with a perfect society. Why would someone want to live in thatkind of place? No competition, and you're assigned your future job, your child(s),and your spouse. How Pathetic. What's the point in life if everything has to beperfect. No wars? No memories? I'm glad to have my memories and I don't want toforget them. The only reason why I'm giving this book 2 stars instead of 1 isbecause Lois did a good job on descibing the characters and what's going on. Ijust don't like the storyline. Now, her other book 'Number the Stars' was fantasticand I rate that a 5 because it's also based on true events. It definatelycreates mood in the story of sarrow and pain. But 'The Giver' shouldn't have recievedthat award. But that's just my opinion.
4 ||| product disappeared from store shelves here. Glad to find them online. Very quick and easy to use.
1 ||| I noticed my Dolby Digital (or DTS) processor indicated that the subwoofer channel signal is there when I'm playing this movie, but the subwoofer is not projecting any of the low frequency rumbles at all. I tried this with DTS as well as Digital Dolby and both behaved the same way. All of my other DVDs behaved fine and subwoofer rumbled fine.Anyone out there experiencing this problem with this particular DVD? Check it out, put your ear next to the sub while while they are fighting at the first few scenes. The sub is totally silent.
1 ||| CARCAMUSAS!!!!!On my recent trip to Spain I took a day trip to Toledo andhad this hearty, yummy dish called Carcamusas. From what I have readabout it, Carcamusas is sort of a signature dish of Toledo. How could this book not have a recipe for (or even mention) Carcamusas?!?!
0 ||| I bought this sink from a major home improvement store 2 years ago, and I wish there had been warnings online before I did. One reviewer said it stains when you simply look at it, and that is no exaggeration. It must be a highly reactive material; even a bread crumb will stain it. I scour it multiple times a day, and I find I'm reluctant to even wash my hands in it after I've scrubbed it because even that will leave a stain which must be scoured out again. I plan to replace it with stainless steel, even though I love the look of white.
4 ||| The Morse bros. and company continue to grow and grow musically, with this easily the strongest material to date. Their last effort "Kindness Of Strangers" (still an unbelievable disc) was strong but seemed to lack the direction that "Day For Night" displays. Awesome vocals, awesome musicianship, awesome arrangements,......AWESOME! If you consider yourself in the least to be a fan of the modern prog movement DON'T let this one pass you by. PROG RULES!!!!!
0 ||| Not a great book. A required reading for a class and I could barely keep on reading it. Good luck.
2 ||| this product is ok i fill it up but it does lose a little air which makes it not stay firm
2 ||| This product did not work for me. Even though the active ingredients are the same as name brands, the formulation seems to be different. For the price, you might want to try a bottle to see if it will work for you.
0 ||| Come on, what does Clancy do -- take his other books, put them in a blender, mix up the parts and pour out a new book. Wives getting kidnapped, IRA terrorists, Russian spies, tough husbands, wives involved in the medical profession, etc., etc. Haven't we read this same book about a half dozen other times -- all of them with Tom Clancy's name on the cover. Nearly every character in the book repeatedly utters Tom Clancy's favorite 4-letter vulgarity. And, of course, the dozens of graphic descriptions of bullets entering (and exiting) villan's heads add a charming touch to the book. If you can stomach all of this and then manage not to get bogged down in the huge loopholes, unsympathetic characters and implausible sequences of events, you just might have a fine read ahead of you.
0 ||| Keep in mind when purchasing this item that you get what you pay for. I was hoping for a larger calendar with room to put in dates of many family members. I received a small, aprox 4x6 tablet with 10-12 lines under each month for names and dates. Not what I hoped for so naurally I was dissapointed.
4 ||| this rocks they are right now one of the best bands out. Mirror Spirit is one of the best songs to come out in a long time. The only band out that is better then these guys right now is silvertide, and possibly Rose Hill Drive. Sounds like classic 70's 60's rock and roll. The singer has a great voice, I believe his name is Eric Shea and there lead guitarist is a girl but she can really play. Expect to see these guys again because this completly rocks out. Rock and Roll is here to Stay.down below is a list of all the bands true rock fans should check out. New bands here to save the scene.The DarknessJetHurricane PartyParchman Farm (Only have an ep out but it rocks and you can find it here on amazon.)Rose Hill Drive ( have an ep out but not on amazon. They toured with Van Halen and completly rock and the guitarist is incredible.)SupagroupTokyo DragonsYoung Heart AttackBlack Keysand the best new band Silvertide
3 ||| This is a compilation of hundreds of photographs taken thatcapture the spirit and liveliness of the Church of Jesus Christof Latter-day Saints. There is an excellent introducation byRoger Rosenblatt and an essay by Gordon B. Hickley, thePresident of the Church. The style and flow of the book isvery much modelled on the "Day in the Life..." series of books.
3 ||| Lasted me 3 weeks. Used at the gym 3-4 times a week. The sound's great, super light weight, and easy to carry in a pocket when folded. However, the wires to each ear are very very thin and fragile. To be called sports headphones, one would think they were more durable. Left earphone lost sound and I threw them out.
4 ||| Allen does not limit himself to the "great man" school of history, but gives a wide-ranging and colorful view of a decade disquietingly like the 90s/00s - a careening stock market, a failing war on drugs, and oil company execs in to clean up the White House. This book would get five stars for the Prohibition poem alone: "...it doesn't prohibit worth a dime/Nevertheless, we're for it!" One of the most interesting parts was what Allen doesn't - and couldn't - write about. Only Yesterday was written in 1931, before the full effects of Versailles had been felt. Viewed in that light, Allen's portrait of Wilson, while romanticized, astutely outlines why Wilson's ideas for the peace treaty were wise, and why they were so unlikely to ever be realized. From hemlines to geopolitics, Allen pulls it all together in a fascinating book.
1 ||| I was so excited for my 1 year old to practice walking with this toy, thinking that she would be so encouraged by the constant funky music. My 3 year old was "helping" me put it together for her. The problem was that the music only played when the nose button was pushed and not at any other time as it's supposed to do! The kids got bored with it within minutes. Unfortunately, once it's assembled, it can't be taken apart for return purposes so I lost my money. I would purchase another walker instead if I were you ( one that's returnable).
3 ||| This is an awesome HDTV. I purchased it to hang above my fireplace and it fit the bill fantastically. I didn't purchase mine from Amazon but have had this exact TV for 9 mo's and experienced no problems. It was simple to set up, has every input we need. The picture in HD is awesome. Football is in HD is incredible on this TV. I also use it to watch instant streaming video from Netflix with my laptop and the picture is better than digital TV. The only complaint I have is the range on the remote. It does not work beyond 10 feet, which makes it nearly impossible to change channels/volume from my kitchen table (15 feet). I ordered a cheap multifunction remote to hopefully fix this. I remain a bit skeptical on the longevity of this TV due to all of the bad press on Westinghouse HDTV's, but so far so good.
1 ||| Tracks 9-16 with Griffin and Jenkins were originaly issued on CD on OJC under bassist Wilbur Ware's name. I was disappointed by it as Jenkins tone did not cut through the Riverside sound quality well enough. Tracks 1-8 are a Griffin quartet short track Argo/Cadet session from mid 1950's Chicago.
2 ||| I only gave this a 3 star rating because the movie came in widescreen not fullscreen. This is an excellent movie and I would highly reccommend it.I just do not care for widescreen movies.If I had known it was widescreen I never would have bought it in the first place. Thanks.
4 ||| This is a worthwhile read, with an unusual protagonist (for crime fiction) Inspector Imanishi is likeable, well-adjusted, and conscientious. He has friends, gets along with his wife and sister, and isn't an alcoholic or an addict. Nor does he fight with his boss. Despite these defects, I thoroughly enjoyed following his efforts to solve an unusual case.
0 ||| I waited twelve years for this book, and I would have been less disappointed if it had not been written at all. It is entirely too lengthy and uses too many words to say too little. The description of how the "spear thrower" works is one example. What took half an hour to read could have been summed up in one page. The use of contemporary English does not fit the characters at all. I think I'll pass on the next book in the series where Ayla visits the Pacific. What a disappointment.
4 ||| James Patterson continues the Alex Cross saga in this thriller. I think Patterson does a great job of drawing the reader into the mysterious and frightening world of the Red Mafia, which I hope he'll discuss in more detail in the next book. I couldn't help but feel, though, that he failed to "connect the dots" and provide adequate transitions between parts of the storyline - especially towards the end. It's almost as if certain chapters were deliberately inserted to fill unintended gaps. Overall however, the novel holds true. It's a fine example of Patterson's work, which is unquestionably amongst the best of our day.
2 ||| I purchased this to create labels for gifts. I found it easier to create the labels with the templates that come with the labels (Avery). So I'm not using this product at all.It might be ok for DVD labels. I didn't try that.
1 ||| The book starts out well, but the author's explanation of social evolution contradicts the biological evolution Hogan likewise promotes in this book. This story could have been good other than the author's scientific and semi-moralistic inserts. At some points I had the feeling that he was trying to rationalize his own beliefs by authoring them in the book almost separate from the story.
1 ||| After plugging in one of the nightlights into a lit room, it instantly came on. I did not expect it to light up since the room I plugged it into was lit. It seems you have to have direct light shining on the nightlight for it to turn off - it would be nice to be able to adjust the sensitivity of the light sensor.The bigger issue is that after the first night of use one of lights stopped working. After unplugging and plugging the nightlight back in, it flickered on for a split second and stayed off (in a dark area).With that being said, the light they give off is bright but muted and would have worked well in our hallway had one not stopped working. I did not see much difference between the high and low light setting...it would be a little too bright for a bedroom even on low. Shipping back to Amazon (not being charged for shipping, and UPS picks up where they delivered it).
4 ||| I deeply appreciate my Key Word Study Bible. The Greek and Hebrew lexicons at the rear are to me a wonderful help during my time of searching the Word. This is great Bible for someone with more than a cursory knowledge of the Bible who is not afraid to put some work into their Bible Study. LZ
3 ||| The 1st part of this book is really good, good characters, murder, mystery, legal courtroom drama and journalism. The 2nd part was not very interesting to me, although the ending was good. Looks like Grisham is giving us a 1/2 legal(Runaway Jury) and 1/2 human interest(Painted House) story. Overall an enjoyable read for me. I prefer the author's legal thrillers.
2 ||| I enjoyed the novel, but Kyla's behavior became very frustrating after a while. Her undying love for her 1st husband was beautiful, but even after poor Trevor managed to marry her, it was about a month before she'd get close to him. And after he slavishly did all she could dream of, she still said some really wretched, ugly things to him when she found out the truth (which of course she does). Personally, I'm dying to find out what happens to Babs. Is there any hope Sandra Brown will write a story about Babs, a woman who is not strictly chaste like all of Brown's heroines, but still has a wonderfyul heart?
1 ||| He plays the only guy in the movie with any common sense, and is thus very unrealistic. Also, his urban black hip dude schtick grows very wearisome. The special effects are just ok. The plot involves some nonsense about robots taking over the world. It's only set 25 years in the future. A bit of a stretch if this is what the world is really coming to.
0 ||| After reading the glowing New York Times review, I rushed to buy this book in hardcover. That purchase is certainly the worst I have made in some time, and I would advise others who have an interest in this topic or in works by the author to avoid this novel. In fact, I hate to even give the book away and subject someone else to the tediousness of this work.
2 ||| it sounds like there are different audio tracks- when 2 or more are talking some sound very mute others normal
0 ||| I am a dermatology practitioner and my own kids have sensitive or eczema prone skin- usually use sensitive pampers but out of stock-this diaper made my 12 month old break out within a day of using.
3 ||| Great album with only a couple of minor low points. Not bad for a 2 CD set. You more than get your moneys worth... Ralph could have had a couple more musicians instead of show casing his son so much, but he is up front about it at least.If you are a Stanleys fan you will like this album..
2 ||| This was interesting to read. I quite enjoyed it, however it is much darker than what I expected with my only experience of Peter Pan being the Disney version. Both Peter and Tinkerbell were quite annoying characters who I didn't like much!
4 ||| Little Women is a wonderful book for all ages. No matter how old you are, or whether you are a male or female, there is something in there for you. So pick it up and get ready for a wonderful trip through the minds of 4 girls and their mother during the war, and listen to their tough, fun, and rough times! I guarantee you a wonderful read!
1 ||| For those of you familiar wit the series- Dave really is a little hard to take without Becky as a foil. Very informative but a little dull at times. My 2 yr. old prefers "There Goes a Boat" or "There Goes a Motorcycle."
3 ||| Didn't have this item long enough to see how well it worked- My German Shepard got a whiff of it, jumped up (I had it hanging about 5.5 feet off the ground), tore it down and began to devour it. She then decided to trot into the house and stink up our house. I'm sure it'll work great (I plan to order another), just know that you should hang it high enough that large dogs cannot jump up and grab it.
2 ||| I owned this turkey fryer for one year. I used it to fry three turkeys last holiday season, the fryer worked perfectly. I had planned on frying a turkey on Thanksgiving (today) but the bottom of the 30 quart pot has three pin sized wholes in it,so I had to bake my turkey. The bottom of the pot seems paper thin to me.I really enjoy eating fried turkey so I will need to buy a new pot, to bad a new one cost about $40.
2 ||| Rules of Engagement is a gripping courtroom thriller that has a lot of plot holes just as soon as you start thinking about all the situations that occurred. It has two things going for it: terrific acting and fine direction from William Friedkin, and both elements are able to withstand the flaws.The film's best parts are in the first half hour, featuring two riveting action sequences, involving the jungle hell of Vietnam and the rescue of the ambassador in Yemen. The rest of the film can't quite match this in intensity, but then again, that only goes to prove that Friedkin can stage an action sequence.The ending is when the film starts to lose steam. No major revelation occurs, the entire trial moves in a straightforward, routine manner, and in the end, it feels anti-climactic, as if though nothing huge was accomplished.
4 ||| This movie has some very funny scenes, especially with all the characters deciding who to ask to the dance. It had some great special effects, especially Voldemort (he looked really gross) and the underwater scene. But two things disappointed me: Fleur and Cho. In the book, Fleur was described as a magical, beautiful person. But in the movie (no offense to the actress, and I'm not saying that I'm extremely pretty either) she was just a plain, simple girl in regular clothes. Cho wasn't mentioned nearly enough, and the movie didn't stress Harry's big crush on her. And the part where he asked her out wasn't as embarrassing for both of them as in the book. All the same, it was a great movie (the best one so far.)
0 ||| For the first few months after I got the battery, it worked wonderfully. I could use my laptop without having it plugged in for a couple hours at a time, but as time went on that period of time got shorter. A couple months ago my laptop would suddenly just die, and then I'd have to plug in the charger and have it charge all over again. In the last couple weeks, if it gets unplugged it'll only give me a minute or two before it dies completely.I would not recommend this battery to anyone.
3 ||| This house is bigger than i thought it was going to be. it keeps my child entertained for long periods of time. this product came with a few plastic balls but not nearly enough to fill the main hut. i suggest you purchase an extra bag here or at your local wal mart. Overall i love it (not nearly as my daughter does)and i do not regret my decision in buying this product since it keeps the little one busy.
3 ||| Works great feels sturdy. No problems with shipping or divider. Grips are nice and confortable. East to use dividing the apple into equal parts. Only trick is lining up the center of the apple.
3 ||| Love this watch. I had it for sometime now,the only problem is the mesh wrist band,one of the link broke.
0 ||| My Toddler loves Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, so was excited to find this. Upon receiving however, you'll realize quickly upon assembly how poor the quality and how unbelievably flimsy it is.The elevator requires enough force that an adult has to operate it, and the flag that attaches to the top either doesn't stay in place jamming the elevator...or pops out all together. The slide barely stays attached for one or two treks down by one of the figures included. The movable ear falls off if you even look at it wrong. The lever to rotate Toodles barely works only ever giving 1 to half a rotation. The searchlight doesn't hold its position and simply flops down if not being held, plus the dim light drains the watch batteries (not included) in a very short time.I can't believe Disney put their name on this.Very disappointed, and already returned.
4 ||| Tommy DoLittle is a fun and funny picture book about what happens when perpetually pajama-clad Tommy,the laziest boy in the world- so lazy that his dog walks him- actually reads the words in a book. His subsequent adventures are as improbable as they are amusing, and Rowe's illustrations are witty and bursting with energy. Kids will want to read this over and over again.
0 ||| I was shipped two when I order only one! The return menu did not have a selection that covered the return and I was charged shipping to return the extra item!
2 ||| I wanted a Mississippi State Bulldog shirt, but the bulldog is ugly.Be sure to look carefully at the logos before you buy. The shirt is great and the seller was wonderful.
4 ||| The reason books become classics is they convey wisdom pertanent to all ages. This history is one such classic example of Rhetoric, RealPolitik, Politics of Personality, as well as the higher themes of Honor, Loyalty, Duty, Courage. etc.I'd give the book five stars but this translation is only adequate. I loved having the greek on the page opposite the english translation, as well as the convenient, carry-anywhere size of the text.A must read if you wish to be considered truely educated.
4 ||| SO pleased that Shute's work is now available on Kindle.This is one of my favorite books by this author. An older Englishman is caught in France in WWII just as the Germans invade, and ends up rescuing several children while trying to get out. This is a tale of quiet actions, heroism through perseverance and endurance, not violent dramatics. This grandfather - as with so many of Shute's fabulous characters - does the amazing, while thinking that anyone else would do the same.Two things were especially noteworthy: First, an American author probably would have romaticized the children more. Secondly, I found the psychology employed by the Germans when dealing with the French citizens at the time of the invasion very interesting. It was an aspect I had never read before.Highly recommended.
1 ||| Too much violence associated hard to stare at the screen or follow the storyline....if one can tolerate, you would enjoy this satire.
1 ||| Please don't waste your time or money purchasing this book. Our book club decided to read it based on it's "good" reviews. Only one person out of six finished it (just to get it done). The language is foul and the story is boring and drags on, which makes it difficult to follow and finish. Two stars is being generous.
0 ||| This review is really for Amazon and it's supplier but the supplier of this DVD has forgotten to pack MAIN FEATURE. Yes, that means I've received bonus DVD only and what Amazon offer is refund. Ordering from outside US cost considerably more and I do feel cheated, yet there is nothing I can do about this but place order again and pay for shipping again, for no fault of my own. I am very disappointed to say the least. Please note, I didn't want to give any star for this but I had no choice but to give one star.
1 ||| This story started out fine. I was ready for a murder thriller. But by the end, it simply turned into what resembled a computer manual. I also didn't care for the narrator in tne downloaded ebook version. He sounded eerily computer-generated.
3 ||| I DO NOT KNOW WHY YOU, MR. EAGAN,MN,IS DISSING FIEND AND HE'S NEW ALBUM IT IS GOING TO BE THE BOMB. AND SO WANT HE HAS TO MUCH SWEARING WHO DOES'NT. SO WATCH "STREET LIFE" IS GOING TO BE 2x PLATNIUM JUST WATCH, YOU'LL SEE.
1 ||| I used the timer for the first time this afternoon. The display is large, it is easy to set (and re-set), and the beep is loud without being offensive. I also liked that it started counting UP so I knew how long since it first started going off. However, due to the placement of the magnet, when I had the timer on the fridge door and went to stop the timer, it fell to the ground, leaving the magnet no longer attached. Can I fix it? Absolutely. Will I? Probably. Is it a hassle nonetheless? Yup. Very disappointed in an otherwise wonderful purchase.
3 ||| I love this Les Miserable concert. Alfie Boe did a wonderful job in playing the role of Jean Valjean. Lea Salonga also did a great job of playing Fantine this time. In the previous Les Miserables play and concert, she did the role of Eponine and it was also excellent. What I didn't like in this concert is Nick Jonas playing as Marius. I don't think it was suitable for him. He doesn't really have a good vocal range. For me, he did an OK job. Overall, the concert was still great!
0 ||| I know it's called a beverage warmer, but it barely does that. I wouldn't recommend this at all. I had a cup warmer by Dazey (can't find it now) and it kept my drink HOT, as it should. I mean who wants a warm beverage, which this warmer barely does.
2 ||| The book was okay. I was just disappointed that I received a different addition that the one the is in the picture description of the book. I needed the other edition for class but my teacher worked with me. I just wish they said which edition they were selling.
0 ||| I bought this game for my children at Christmas and it didn't work from the second we pulled it from the package. The teeth get stuck and the mouth doesn't close most of the time. I didn't return it because it would cost more to deal with than I paid for it. Maybe I just got a bad one, who knows. My kids still play with it (they are only 3) but not the way it was meant to be played with. I would recommend just going with the full sized one, not the travel size.
2 ||| There are memorable cuts on this CD that I did not have on other CD's that I own by Mr. Scott, however, the overall compilation is not as strong as earlier releases. Also, the bonus CD was a disappointment as only one cut features Little Jimmy Scott.
3 ||| This book has it's high and low points. Some of the story's can be very sad, some are dull. Overall, it did give me a much better appreciation of my grandparent's generation. They're gone now, but I feel like I understand a little better what they went through with the Great Depression and WWII.It reads fast, and is easy to put down and come back to later. Thus, a good book for the beach when you're watching the kids. Some people debate whether calling them the "Greatest Generation" is fair, one of them is Andy Rooney - I think his chapter in Brokaw's book is one of the best.It's also neat to see the "than and now" photos of the subjects.
4 ||| This was my first encounter with the magical realism style and I love it! The Buendia family is quite possibly the most intriguing I have encountered in any book. A must read.
3 ||| I have read all of the Sammy Keyes books, and I personally think that this one was the worst. It wasn't in the present tense like the other three were. It was a good book, but I didn't instantly want to read it over again, like I did with the other ones. The Curse of Moustache Mary had better have more of the old Sammy in it! Read Sammy Keyes and the Sisters of Mercy for a really good Sammy book.
1 ||| This book reads like a romance novel and doesn't have much depth. The characters aren't very well defined and they seem two dimensional. I've read other much better historical novels than this.
1 ||| This computer while very attaractive is NOT a Mac. It runs the HUGELY flawed and buggy Vista. So given that I took it back. Buy a Mac, youll be doing yourself such a favor. Not viruses or spyware or bugginess.Just Mac goodness without all the flaws that makes Windows based PCs such garbage.
3 ||| Never before have I been able to hear the woman being murdered in the background of The Ohio Players' song "Love Rollercoaster." This cable changed all that. A+also great for spiritual presences and ethereal sounds.
3 ||| This suit is exactly what I ordered -- small enough for training/racing but not as small as a "traditional" Speedo suit.
0 ||| This book is actually pretty bad.I still haven't finished it(I'm on the part where Eragon is staying at Tronjeihm) because i can't bare to read it. It has waaaay too much dialogue and Paolini doesn't describe the setting or anything enough to picture it in your mind. I've heard many excuses for this book actually being good. Today at school before I wrote this, I told my friend that i was writing a review on Eragon (he has read Eragon and Eldest and loved them). I told him that i hated the book and Paolini copied some names in the books. My friend said, "Just because they sound almost the same, it doesn't mean he copied them." Ok here's a little note to Matt(my friend): For one thing there were A LOT of names that Paolini copied. And second, don't you think it's KIND OF odd that they would sound almost exactly the same??? Ok, well I hope you've enjoyed my FIRST book review. And a hint of advice: DON'T GET THIS BOOK!!!
3 ||| This is a Bob Hope vehicle film that follows the standard formula of putting him in a series of situations that he is not prepared for and then letting hilarity ensue.In this case Hope dreams of being a detective and gets his chance only to be sucked in deeply out of his depth by - wait for it - a beautiful brunette.Of course he saves the day in the end but not before being put through every possible comedic situation.The sound quality was very high on the disk I bought.
0 ||| I just opened it today, and I am disappointed. The outside of the box states it is a floor cover and not the trunk tray as written on the shipping label. I really don't know if they shipped the wrong item.It is supposed to be 28" by 3ft. It is not.So, I am not sure if I got the correct item and I don't want to have to pay to ship it back. It is pretty bent, I am hoping it straightens out. A friend of mine just bought a new Sante Fe and admired my cargo tray so I bought her one. It is not as thick as the one I have.
0 ||| Bought this to replace my "eggs only" non stick skillet. This was a poor replacement. All of my current analon products are great, but this must be a "second". It doesn't have a lovely finished edge, as usual, and it actually sticks without oil. generally a spray works great with a non stick skillet, but not on this one. Would pass on this one.
2 ||| Jessica Biel did a great job! SHE CAN ACT..she's talented. The movie started out good, it had that good creepy vibe...but as it went on it was confusing and boring. I wouldnt watch it again.
1 ||| Personally, I wasn't very impressed. It is a decent adventure story, but it's very predictable and pretty cliche throughout. I will wait and see how the story develops- because it did keep me entertained. I mean, it's not the most original story, but it's a decent eight-hour ride book.
4 ||| Dandy Warhols repeatedly amaze me. each album finds them spreading their wings, throwing caution to the wind and consistently forging their own path. i'm lost for words - this album forces me to have faith in music all over again, when music has gotten completely cookie-cutter, unoriginal in recent years. I truly don't know what to say except for F**K YEAH!!
1 ||| You'd think a 15 year old faced with being the salvation of an immortal king, the keystone of an army of thousands and integral the future of the entire world would be overwhelmed, frightened, excited, disbelieving, in awe-- but Jessex, the protaganist of this novel is about as wooden as he is perfect. And Oh, is he ever perfect. Jessex has none of the frailty or humanity we've come to expect from even the cheapest dime-store fantasy novels. As a result, the book is a near complete loss... I truly pity Kirith Kirin, facing the prospect of several lifetimes with someone so completely uninteresting.
4 ||| I had a cassette with Nat King Cole years ago and got this to reignite that flame. He is a smooth, suave, sentimental favorite.
3 ||| very good dvd however, it really applies to folks who play at least a little guitar before jumping into "open" tuning. Regardless, if you just want to sing along in front of the campfire with your friends, you can learn a lot about simply strumming the guitar to get by.
1 ||| The phrase 'coulda been better' comes to mind... Some nice songs on it, and Method Man is a great MC but this isn't his best work, and a lot of the beats are annoying and make the album hard to listen to. Method Man isnt BAD on this album, its just he can do better, and there's too many guest features on it. Does have some nice tracks, but you're better off just downloading the better songs of iTunes if you're a Method Man fan.I'd recommend the original Tical album as a better display of Method Man's skills, or Ghostface's 'The Pretty Toney Album' as a better Def Jam/Wu-Tang release released around the same time as this album.Top 5 Songs:The Afterparty feat. GhostfaceWhat's Happening feat. Busta RhymesThe Turn feat. RaekwonThe ShowSay What feat. Missy Elliot
0 ||| Loved the movie, love the music. However, there are 17 tracks with different titles but the song is the same on each one. Very disappointing.
0 ||| I bought this book based on buyer's reviews. I was very disappointed. This book is filled with much violence and little mystery/content.
0 ||| Wow, I can't believe I watched it until the end... it was just awful!I had great expectations because the first movie is one of my top favorites,the second was decent, but this one...I can't believe it was soooo bad... I am very disappointed...
4 ||| I bought these batteries for my husband for Christmas. He loves Dewalt tools and was pretty happy when he opened them as a couple other batteries won't hold a charge for long.
3 ||| My son received the bat cave for Christmas. He LOVES it! Of course, it required adult assembly. The adults did become very frustrated and annoyed at the lack of instructions. You would think the pictures would be enough! Once it was up, we knew with one little push, everything would come crashing down. We had to superglue some of the parts AND we screwed it into the wall so it wouldn't fall over every two seconds. The plastic parts do seem very flimsy but I think it'll stand up anyway. My son is only 3 and he loves this bat cave.
4 ||| Treasure Island I believe is not well suited for youngsters. They don't understand action, adventure on the high seas, lots of rum, cutlass-bearing pirates, ships, and mutiny like an older read would. Older readers have seen a bit of that. If your older and still love action and adventure, zest for life, I won't steer ya wrong matey!, read Treasure Island. Now avast ye landlubber! and get off my ship before I keel-haul ya to the briny deep!
2 ||| If you liked Thelma & Loiuse and anything Rose McGowan has starred in, then you'll find this movie interesting in the least. It has a bit of a bizzare twist but otherwise intriguing overall.
4 ||| i love adam, drew,rob, missi and dan and everyone else in the movie.i love how adam sandler uses all of the same people in his movies.i hope they all keep making these great movies.
1 ||| As you can see, the description calls this an "oscillating" fan. However, the product manual is meant to be used with three different models of the same type of fan -- only the other two models oscillate. This model doesn't. On the other hand, the fan is really good for what it is. "False advertising" is too strong an indictment, but the advertising isn't quite all true, either.
0 ||| I never got it to work. I tried before I cancelled my purchase. But I really hope I didn't get charged for it anyway since it never worked
2 ||| Why certain critics are so quick to jump on the "director's cut" bandwagon I will never understand. Some of film's best directors (woody allen, e.g.) would not be nearly so acclaimed without great editors. PLEASE GIVE US THE STUDIO CUT (preferably both cuts on one disc - this is what dvd is for)!
4 ||| First of all - get over the Do The Monkey not being on this tape, buy the other one - they are cheap enough! Now onto the good stuff, 3 kids (ages 20 months, 5 and 8) and 2 grown adults love this tape! The Wiggels and Barney are in a dead run for first place in our home. We have video taped the kids dancing and signing to this tape and those precious memories will be great when they get older. I dare one child or adult to sit down and watch this and not start singing, dancing, or even toe tapping. I find myself at work humming the Wiggles songs now instead of Barney - thank goodness. We still love Barney but after seeing all of his tapes over and over and over it's a nice change of pace.
1 ||| I feel that the ending left too many questions unanswered. Loose ends everywhere. . .where is Miriah? Where are the jewels? Guess I've read too many novels that lay it out and don't leave many unanswered questions, or not obvious ones. It's like the book was supposed to be 299 pages, so that's where the story ended.
1 ||| Is it just me...or is there something strange about the sound of this album, as though the musicians are all slightly out of tune or it's being played on a tape recorder that's going a little bit below the usual speed? This effect is particularly noticeable on "TOLEDO".I loved "Painted From Memory"- I think the songs are fantastic. These versions don't detract from them, but, with a couple of exceptions (e.g "Painted from Memory", sung by Cassandra Wilson) they don't add much to the original album either. I had hoped that this CD would be more jazzy and improvisational. After all Bacharach and Costello have provided some great chords for jazz musos to play around with. Instead the instrumentation is dull and the arrangements unadventurous. Particularly bad is "God Give Me Strength", which on all other recordings is amazing.
3 ||| Interesting investigations into the most famous crimes of the past centurys up until recently. The author analyzes, investigates and tells us about the victims of the most popular and notorious murder cases. Some of the cases he investigates are the jon benet ramsey murder, the lindbergh baby kidnapping, the zodiac killer and more. Tons of interesting info and a highly enjoyable read. 4 stars/ good for anyone interested in crime/murder investigations.
1 ||| Dark Tranquillity's first album for Century Media is a disappointment. Excessive keyboards cloud the mix, and Mikael Stanne's clean vocals are cringe-inducing. The mood is mid-tempo quasi-goth, suggesting a second-rate Sisters of Mercy. The songs run long, the hooks are few, and the band isn't tight. Skip this album in favor of later, stronger efforts.
4 ||| I first bought this DVD based on a strongly positive recommendation from a trusted friend/pediatrician with a child slightly older than mine. We have only shown our 18 month old daughter this DVD twice and are already appreciating benefits. The first viewing she was only mildly interested. By the end of the second she was mimicking the letters and phonix songs. I can't wait to see how quickly she learns with this. Complements the Leap Frog letter toys very nicely.
0 ||| How can anyone consider this to be an accurate interpretation of D-Day with barely a mention of the Canadian involvement. Juno beach was one of the more well defended beaches and the location a key to the success of D-Day. The Canadians fought against the best the Germans had in Normandy and never get the credit they deserved.
3 ||| The install was easy and it has been trouble free. Everybody has been complimentary of the video & audio quality.I use it exclusively with Skype and have not installed the Microsoft update. I understand that the update causes problems if you use Skype, so I haven't bothered with it.
1 ||| I'm not sure who the makers were trying to impress with this sad excuse of a movieMy review title sums it up
3 ||| An all star cast is featured in this oddball comedy about an actor who finds a daschund and goes through nothing but trouble in Monte Carlo when he realizes it leads to a murder, and in turn he gets entangled with other people in this so-called conspiracy. The photography is nice and there are some pretty good moments, but why do the stars shout nearly every line?
4 ||| Honestly, I only initially picked up this book because I've always had an interest in the Queen Mary. I wasn't able to put the book down. Once I started reading I ignored my phone and plowed through the book throughout the day. I have encouraged others to read the book and have had similar reviews. Even if you normally don't enjoy wartime fiction, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised with this book. I'd love to see the movie!!
0 ||| When Spanky McFarland was asked if they should remake "Our Gang", he said no because he felt they got it right the first time. Wise man, that Spanky. While this is not bad for children or adults, why not just buy the originals instead? Basically all they've done here was take several of the original films, such as "Mail and Female" and "Rushin' Ballet", and string them together as a movie. Another problem I had was the clash of time periods - the characters dress like the originals and engage in the same types of activities, yet the film obviously takes place in the 1990's. Children simply don't build go-carts or wear bowties anymore. Why not just fully update the gang into the 1990's or make this a period piece instead? At best, this is a colorful, cute and lively romp, but nothing more.
3 ||| I bought this digital drum set and when it arrived at my house i was really excited, i opened it up and found that it didn't come with the DC cord to turn it on and i did not have any of the 6 c size batteries it required or any of the cords to connect it to different speakers so i could not use it at all. i was really mad i had to wait a few days until i could find one of the only 2 DC cords that work, both Yamaha ones and quite hard to find....I tried to DC cords i had but they didn't work because they weren't on of the special Yamaha DC cords you need.However when i did get to try it this drum set was quite good....BUT i had to wait 3 days...and another 7 days for the shipping..... ...
1 ||| I have had the product for less than 6 months and after the product was charged originally, it never held a charge for more than an hour afterwards. Product drivers seem to be plentiful, but generally don't work. I have used RealOne software (which is shipped with the product)and upgrades. I have used MusicMatch Jukebox (which I think is a great product) and I have used Windows Media Player 7.1 All products hang when transferring music to the machine. I am using up to date operating software (Windows 2000 SP3). There is literaly no support I can find. RIO Support when you mail them, do not answer. I wish I could truly find an MP3 player out there that actually does what it is suppose to do .....
2 ||| The only reason I don't rank this as the BEST Return to Forever album is because "Light as a Feather' and "Musicmagic" are even better! La Fiesta is worth the purchase price alone. Stan Getz was so impressed by this and the "Feather" album that his Captain Marvel album features contains 3 cuts from the 2 albums, and features Chick Corea on electric piano, Stanley Clarke on electric bass, Airto Moreira on percussion. Flora Purim fits perfectly and effortlessly into the mix. Quite honestly, I've listened to this album so much that I am sick of it. (I have it in vinyl from the 70's.)
3 ||| Chad one of the other reviewers is half wrong about the DVD.The Turn It Up video is not on it.That's why I'm giving it 4 stars.
1 ||| The book only contains the very high level overviews or technical commercial. It is totally BS for MS Press to say "This Kit offers complete preparation for taking and passing the Microsoft Certified Professional Exams 70-160 and 70-161". If you want to know how many pieces that Windows has, this book may be OK.
0 ||| most boring book ever better of reading song of ice and fire this book is all bout walkin can't believe its so good chuck away its sux
0 ||| first of all i was assigned to read this book for a class. it started out lame. and all it did was get worse. who cares about a firefighter who burns book. now come on, i could write a book, about books,ten times better then that. maybe if the books had names and talked then maybe it would of caught my attention.
2 ||| ... It doesn't have Michael Myers, but I really didn't care, although it would have been better if they didn't include the Halloween title. It is not really scary, but some moments make you go like, "Whoa!" or a sarcastic way of "okay." This movie had a really good plot development and gave the true meaning of Halloween, according to Celtic legends, also mentioned in Halloween 2 and 6. It had an awesome ending, but the movie had a really annoying theme song:Have a happy halloween, halloween, halloween, have a happy halloween, silver shamrock! It is the tune to London Bridge is Falling Down. The music scores are okay, but has a very dark mood, which I'm not saying is bad, but makes the movie way more depressing. This movie is a good way to waste 2 hours, and good for a backround movie at a halloween party, but can get really boring at sometimes.
4 ||| Excellent book shipped in excellent time in excellent condition.Although it was several years old, it still had enough valuable information to help me get an A on my college-level project on Thailand.
4 ||| This collection contains all 12 Fawlty Towers episodes. The second season aired a few years after the first season. It also contains additional footage/interviews. Great collection especially if you love Monty Python!
3 ||| OK so here's the deal. Most trivia games favor those who are knowledgeable. This one does but to a much lesser extent. Many of the questions are written in a manner that leaves you asking " well it must be true or why would they even have a question like that?". others have rediculously easy answers that would lead you to believe they are too obvious to be right.. "where would you go to catch a McFish?" badapapapa I'm loving it...haha. you'll enjoy this game if you and those others playing it realize that you're going to be fooled by wrong answers or strange questions occasionally and miss questions whose answers are stupidly easy. the game has a nice board and plays very similar to trivial pursuit. all in all it makes for an enjoyable time but if you're really about the trivia part be prepared to be let down semi-regularly by the questions.
3 ||| "Bittersweet Rain" was another typical SB novel. Not that that is a good thing or a bad thing either way. Rink was gone for twelve long years after breaking Caroline's heart. But things still aren't in the best of shape, due to Roscoe's deteriorating condition. This is the one thing that brings Rink and Caroline together once again. I like these books but they all sound the the same after a while.
1 ||| the service was good on this movie.. came quickly and in timely mode.. but the movie sucked.. it started off good.. but in the middle.. it lost its appeal.. he was a bad lieutenant.. but it just didn't catch and keep my eye.. and towards the end.. it was like.. what is going on.. it changed completely from the beginning..N. Cage is good actor.. but Eva.. she really didn't have a plot...
4 ||| How could they screw this up??? The "Seven Gates of Hell" was longer on the original vinyl E.P.(that I still own,by the way)with an extended fade out of CRONOS ripping his bass over and over screaming "don't leave me locked away like this! Oh Nooooo Ohno! Ahhh!" and it was my favorite part of the song!!! It should have been EXTENDED!!! "The Seven Gates of Hell Singles 1980-1985" CD also has this same edited version albeit a much LOUDER one,making it the optimal version out there until someone adds the lost 10 or 20 seconds back on to their metal masterpiece!!!
1 ||| Having been recommended by friends as a must read in the sci-fi genre, I finished reading the original Dune trilogy, expecting something spectacular. Unfortunately, I found myself disappointed and want my time back :).Herbert has created a colorful and exotic world. The writing is very detailed. However, I found the series to have too much pretentious babble with little real substance behind it. The first book, Dune, is the best book of series. The second is barely readable. The third one bored me to tears at times. For a classic sci-fi series with real plot twisters (or "a feint within a feint within a feint" in Herbert's words) and intelligent discussions, read Isaac Asimov's Robot series and Foundation series. For a fantasy series with enticing plots and moving character, read Salvatore's Dark Elf Trilogy.
4 ||| I am from chicago and have had the pleasure of seeing them live twice. I will tell you that they can Rock. I highly recommend this album!!! Like others after 15 years I still jam this album out.
4 ||| Chris Cornell of Soundgarden? I must have chosen the wrong CD, I thought when I first listened to this album. I really like it, much more than his work with Soundgarden, because now he writes his lyrics from a more personal side, he expresses deeper feelings as love, loneliness or grief. The first single, "Can't change me", is a great mid-ballad which sounds, I think, a bit country-like, but that's great! The album is a great combination of his talents: Writing, playing, singing... And he's singing better than ever before.
4 ||| Poster was in perfect condition and it was sent to me in just a few days! Great Seller! A+
2 ||| This version of hsm is a two disc set. The first is a "regular" cd of the hsm soundtrack. The second is a "bonus" karaoke disc. I give the regular disc gets 5 stars but the karaoke disc gets about 2 stars. Why? Well, it only has instrumentals. Most CD+G discs out there (certainly ones meant for kids) have, say, the first 8 tracks instrumental and the next 8 tracks with vocals. My kids (and most others I know) prefer to sing along with the artist. So if you're just looking for a HSM cd, buy this one. If what you really want is a good karaoke cd, buy the Disney karaoke series cd (red and yellow cover, must say cd+g).
3 ||| I loved everything about this book, from the main characters, to the storyline. It kept my attention and I was sad everytime I had to put it down! The only thing about this book that I was not pleased with was the very last page!! To me, it was sort of anticlimactic.
2 ||| A friend of mine bought this cd today and brought it over to my house. We compared his new "remastered" copy with my original. The only difference is that his was louder. That's it. No clearer, no more noticeable bass or drums. Nothing. Don't waste your time buying this "remastered" version, since you're not missing out on anything but a few decibels. The reason I still give this a 3 star is because it is one of my favorite Beatles albums, and is well worth your time to listen to.
4 ||| wow i love action thrillers, but i never anticipated getting my socks blown off. surely the author has written more than two books that are listed in kindle. bravo!
2 ||| Bilingual Limited being Pet Shop Boys 10th album and their 6th of entirely new music and contained six singles. These being "Before", "Se a vida  (That's the way life is)", "Single-Bilingual", "A red letter day", "To step aside/Se a vida  (That's the way life is)" and "Somewhere". The booklet has all the lyrics and some interesting photos. This is an alright release and I give it 3/5.
2 ||| Absolutely spectacular sound, - the cello has warmth and bit and at times the timpani make you want to jump out of your seat. Having said that, thats all there is. The music is bloated, dull, repetitive and uninteresting. Either full of sound and fury, signifying nothing or else moodily quiet in pseudo-profound style, but signifying just as little. A sonic spectacular, but only if you aren't interested in (the) music.
3 ||| After reading the book, and hearing Mr. Jett's account, I don't think he committed fraud. I believe that he thought he had a winning trading strategy, and he held his cards close to his chest. Mr. Jett way over traded his portfolio limits, and of course his system was flawed. In the end Mr. Jett distroyed Kidder Peabody. Through out the book Mr. Jett talks about sex, race, and white women; but this is all meant to be a smoke screen of the facts.
2 ||| the first hour of this movie satisfactorily grabbbed my attention, and based on the comments of other amazon customers, i expected it to improve considerably. it didn't.i knew a great deal of the movie would be conversations. unfortunately, most of them were rather banal. for substance, there was one glib quote by kierkegaard and one by kundera. some of the main character's reflections on the nature of relationship were somewhat insightful. however, most of the other talk centered, unfortunately, on the other characters' sexual ups and downs, which is not necessarily awful, if you like that sort of thing.aside from that, the acting was good, the actresses rather enchanting. although i did find the contrast peculiar, in the scenes in which they were totally nude and the males fully dressed, which was the standard within the film.
0 ||| Let me preface that I look forward to a PJ album every two years to reaffirm my belief in rock and roll. They haven't ever failed.....until now. Listening to this album made me think the band needed to take 4-5 years off, not do side projects, and use their best ideas for the next record. I was so depressed that I pulled out all my PJ cds(b-sides too) and started ranking songs. I got to 30 something before I could even think about putting something from Binaural on the list. There are some solid songs but nothing that jumps out at you. Experimental(meaning atypical of the PJ sound) songs that have worked really well in the past(Spin the Black Circle, Do the Evolution come to mind) fail miserably here(Evacuation, Grievance). Overall this album is a huge disappointment when judged against their former body of work. Don't know how someone could give this album five stars. Seems extremely optimistic and forgiving at best. Patently stupid at the worst.
2 ||| End of Days looked like a silly horror with Arnie trying to make a good comeback. But I was sort of wrong, I didn't totally enjoy this flick, it was a bit silly really, but a fun and sexy horror film away. The acting is absolutely terrible, but it is one of those lame movies that keeps you wrapped around its finger.Not only do we see the return of Arnold, but The Craft's Robin Tunney appears again to play a mentally challenged young lady who gets treated badly by the devil himself. Of course, Arnie comes to the rescue, but then he realizes he must take on Satan himself.End of Days is not exactly as good as I expected, or not like what I expected, but the film is good for those Arnie fans who want a wild rollercoaster ride!
2 ||| As for the Halloween movie itself it deserves 5/5 stars. However for this BluRay edition I have to give it 3 stars because nothing special is included, the insert isn't anything either, and the blue "hue" lighting that looks amazing at the end has been removed from the film completely. That was an awesome part of the film for me. It really made the film feel spooky. Other then that, the transfer is beautiful. I just hope in the future there is a better release for this movie on Blu Ray that includes a good insert, special features, and the blue lighting. Oh, and I got it for $5 at Walmart.
0 ||| As soon as I took this item out of the packaging and gave it a few kicks it started leaking sand. I was really disappointed because besides from that, it seems to be a high quality footbag.
3 ||| It has been over twenty years now since this gentle testament first aired but it has lost none of it's freshness or vitality. Muggeridge was a prolific writer journalist who in the later part of his life became something of a christian apologist in rather a C.S. Lewis way. It is interesting that both men still have much to say to our present problems.This Film is a kind of meditation for Muggeridge on his life, modern life and the relevance of the spiritual truths that Jesus taught for these things. We see and hear Mr. Muggeridge as he speaks of these things in his pastoral home in England and then In the Holy Lands (most notably the biblical wilderness and the sea of Galilee). It is very enjoyable to share these things with him and we ourselves can then bring our own vistas(inner and outer) to his , a very enjoyable thing to do. A sort of meditation between his own and ours.I liked the film which I found pleasant to the eye and spirit.
3 ||| DHA Neuromins are good for your brain...and are a veggie substitute for fish oils...great for people with fish or iodine allergies.Easy to swallow without additives.
2 ||| Think back to the final 32 on American Idol II, all trying for a spot in the top 10. I remember Clay being in the group with Kimberly Locke and Ruben Studdard. Clay had this habit of over enunciating which cost him a slot in the final 10, losing out to Kimberly and Ruben. However, Aiken was extremely lucky, got a second chance, he blows us away. Now, comes his first album Measure of a Man....can I just say, if Clay were trying to get into the top ten with any of these songs, he'd be sent home again and hopefully, he wouldn't get a second chance. This first release proves to me that there should never be another wildcard again, someone more deserving, talented, and consistent should be here. Simply because a person has a range of loud and louder doesn't make them a great and consistent singer. I will give him Clay credit, when he is on, he is on, but he can only yell for so long when singing, that must take a lot out of his voice and it shows.
0 ||| I purchased (2) copies of this DVD for myself and a friend. Neither of us has had any luck at playing it on our DVDs.
1 ||| I like the way the grill cooks the food and I like how the food tastes, but....... if you cook fish (or any food for that matter) the smell stays in it until you cook something else. It's a hassle to clean. It should have removable grills. These are the reasons it only got two stars from me. Also........ if I was going to buy this again, I would buy the bigger one. It's very good for one person though. Buy it with the idea that you are going to need at least 10 to 15 minutes to clean it the correct way!
0 ||| They shipped the wrong product I asked for 2000 they sent 2005 which is not compatable with my operating system so Now I can't even use the product.
1 ||| It is nice to have a fountain pen ink that is water proof. However, in this particular case it is at the cost of having an ink that takes forever to dry. This it almost impossible to use for left handed people, and one must accept the fact that when writing on multiple pages, there will be ink smears on the pages that touch each other. It's definitely good to have when signing documents or checks, but one can use a simple permanent pen from any office store for that limited use. Buyer beware!
3 ||| The Army Recruiter recommends this book for people getting ready to take the ASVAB test. It is easy to read and my son has been studying it without being told.
3 ||| A fan of Jennifer Kries' "The Method" series of tapes, I bought this DVD without knowing much more than what was described on the cover. It does not include the abdominal and core strengthening exercises that are the foundation of Pilates. However, there are some traditional Pilates moves on this DVD. It is divided into 3 segments, upper body strenthening, lower body strengthening, and stretching, each about 20 minutes long. The upper body segment is done with light weights and is very similar to part of her "The Method Precision Sculpting" video. I found all 3 segments challenging and I feel I will benefit from these exercises. I like having this on DVD so that I can choose which segment to do without having to rewind or fast-forward a tape. Also, the lower body section offers a choice of viewing from 3 different camera angles. The package says there is also an audio option to have music only, but I have not been able to find this on the disc.
0 ||| One would think that with a decent vacuum comes decent accessories. Not in this case! A few cheap plastic parts that fail miserably to the task do a great disfavor to the name. The best piece of the lot, an angular handle that also doubles as a suction adjuster, does not stay connected to the hose due to a manufacturing deffect. The other segments also have a tendency to come apart with annoying regularity. I am sorry to say that this product seems to be an afterthought that skipped the field test altogether. Expect a recall!
2 ||| It's hard to find information on the power consumption of many products, even though the cost of energy can sometimes add up to be more than the purchase price. I found a report on the web from someone who had surveyed "stanby" power consumption of all the electronics in his house. This product had one of the highest standby power consumptions: about 6 W. That's when the radio and CD player are off. It's much higher than it needs to be just to run the clock--typical clock radios are 1 to 3 W. I ended up getting the Sony ICF-CD831 instead, which consumes around 1.5 W. Of course, the sound quality (and the price) are much lower so it isn't directly comparable.
1 ||| I bought these Koi hoping for a bargain on quality windsocks. They fly alright because they are the cheapest nylon imaginable and are already fading. The string is cotton twine and you need to add a swivel of your own or they will not spin in the wind. Cheap chinese junk.
3 ||| Japanese-only SHM-CD (Super High Material CD) paper sleeve pressing of this classic album from the British singer/songwriter and entertainer, originally released in 1973. SHM-CDs can be played on any audio player and delivers unbelievably high-quality sound. You won't believe it's the same CD! Includes four bonus tracks. Universal. 2008.I just received a regular CD in a jewel case. This is not what is advertised! I'm not sure I would have ordered it knowing this.
0 ||| Once again another fat comp of watered down (pseudo) punk tunes. The garbage put out by fat-wreck-chords is amazingly bad. But I guess when you don't know what punk is you buy into what they are selling. But on the upside I think fat-wreck-chords are the best in true Capitalism...make that money honey.Buyer beware.... there are real punk comps out there.This isn't one of them though.
3 ||| I have to admit that I bought this album wanting to love it because I loved Clay Aiken so much on the show. I loved his voice and he seems like a very kind and good person. And though I won't go so far as to say it's the best album to come along in years, I enjoy it. I especially enjoy "Measure of a Man", "The Way" and "When You Say You Love Me". I am a little disappointed that he doesn't sound exactly like the Clay I heard on the show. It was that voice that made me buy the CD. However, he does sound great, and I would definitely consider the album worth a listen.
1 ||| Not at all their best effort. Feels like they needed to pay the rent or something so rushed into the studio and pushed this out. Borrow a friend's copy and listen before you buy. You'll find little or none of the infectious talent these guys bring to some of their other albums.
4 ||| This is a wonderful project. It captures the essence of good singing and messages of hope... This audio is worth listening to.Great job!!! wow! what a effective ministry resource.
0 ||| The movie itself is good. But the "Madacy" Company copied a lousy, badly worn, faded, repaired 16mm copy on to the DVD and is miserable to watch! The film must have been shown 100's of times. It is so badly spliced, in some scenes you can't even understand the dialog! The whole last half of the movie, the sound is extremely garbled! Very poor visual quality. You would expect a DVD to be higher in quality - not this one. Record the movie off of TV!
4 ||| This film will ALWAYS be a classic for me. Being an indy film maker myself, I really appreciate the attention to detail with the art side of the flick, but it's not too overbearing. It's gory and has all the elements of a good zombie/horror movie. Continual, unending twists and turns for our hero makes your heart ache.If you haven't seen this movie. Get out from under your rock and DO SO!
4 ||| I've played in the past but had been quite awhile, this product is excellent. Takes you step by step but quickly progresses. Really like the application, can play along, show's you cords (or hides them - your choice), records, etc.I plan on buying the intermediate level once I've completed the beginners
3 ||| I bought this when all I knew was how to cast on and that I had forgotten already. This book taught me everything. I started with the easy patterns which a beginner should and then moved onto something harder. To learn how to do a hat I practiced doing round dollies and then took that skill to making a hat. If one doesn't practice the basics you can't move onto the patterns. Yes it was very difficult to get started. I Went online to watch you-tube videos of people doing the stitches because that's how I learn. But the instructions were the same. I still haven't made anything too complicated but this book got me pretty far. I can now read other patterns and complete them. Made 3 hats and a different looking scarf than the boring one everyone starts with using the shell pattern. Now I want to learn to knit and am considering getting her knitting book.
1 ||| The dual billing of Arnold Stang and Arnold "Strong" is the first hint to this film's cult legacy. Old-timey comedian Arnold Stang and the future gubernator team up in this hammy and cheesy fish-out-of-the-Mediterranean film from 1969. Most of the supporting cast is made of petrified wood, though veteran actor James Karen was somehow enticed into this Z-grade effort. Horrible production values approach the night-as-day scenes inImpulse, including car horns evident on Mount Olympus.It would be eight more years before Schwarzenegger made a proper introduction to audiences inPumping Iron, and I suppose there is a certain charm in seeing the big guy for the first time. But Hercules in New York would really only be worth watching with snarky commentary. The only reason I didn't rate it one-star is because of the laugh factor. But the laugh factor isn't high enough. The pity factor, on the other hand, is off the charts.
3 ||| I like this book, I like the different angle it took regarding the IR romance it is more about a woman's struggle to accept a relationship with a white man rather than the relationship itself hence the triangle aspect between Joe, Lacie and Tony. My only complaint is I think too much is happening in the book, the drama with the mother, sister and the best friends issues. The men also come across as too good to be true, Tony patiently waits for Lacie to accept him, Joe comes to accept too quickly the broken engagement. As for Lacy accepting Joe's proposal cos he is the right colour I suppose there are people who would rather follow society's unspoken rules rather than follow there heart - so that was realistic.All in all not bad for a debut novel perhaps a sequel to see what happens to Joe and to see if Lacy and Tony make it would be interesting.
4 ||| I love the blu ray version of the nightmare before Christmas, it was an amazing movie from the beginning to the end. And it's come with two DVDs one blu-ray and the other one regular.
1 ||| I expected more from a Patricia Cornwell book than this delivered (and I pre-ordered based on her previous work!). Quite frankly, it was a reprise of her other novels, someone's out to "get" Dr. Scarpetta's position, there's sabotage in the lab, niece Lucy is stressed out again and Marino, is well, Marino and the most put together character in this book.
3 ||| Well, It seems to me that PAULA COLE has grown up a bit since "This Fire". When I first listened to "Amen" the music sounded "Hippie-Like" and very naive. After Listening to this album carefully, and especially to songs like "La Tonya" and "Free" I realized that the lyrics are hypnotizing and there is a lot of meaning in them. I almost believed her. I consider this cd as a good atmosphere cd, especially for dusk (preferably if you have a sea-view).
1 ||| While the surfer theme was cute (and should have been used more), this movie sucks. Does every case these girls work on involve an emotional backplot? Why not something more like 007, and less like Austin Powers?
2 ||| When you view this item online on any site, it looks as if it's a nice size. Almost looks as if its able to fit a collage ruled notebook, but its not. The measurements might be accurate, but because the photo is blown up in size, it appears to be much bigger than it really is. It's always best when compared to something else. I've never been mislead by other products I've bought online, but this one looks like something a younger sibling would use. Don't me wrong, I'll more than likely still use it, under the circumstances that I bought it for my traveling, but I could have used a purse for the amount it holds, verses the impression I had. All in all, good bag, JanSport quality, just smaller then appears to be.
4 ||| I read this play after enjoying Pygmalion. Shaw creates a female lead who uses her femininity and supposed delicacy/cluelessness to manipulate those around her, ultimately trapping the Don Juan-esque male lead into marrying her despite his objections to the institution. Although she pretends to be helpless, she actually controls the situation, so I think this counts as a feminist work, although I'm confused about what his ultimate message is. I'm also not sure how the whole philosophy of the life-force, superman thing fits in, but I haven't read much philosophy, and I enjoyed the play regardless. Like all of Shaw's stuff, the play contains social commentary, humor, and wit.
3 ||| Kitty's book is THE reference book on the PWD. It has an in-depth history of the breed, a discussion of the temperament of the average PWD, pedigree information, etc. Although it has some tips on training, that is NOT the purpose of this book. There are plenty of training books out there!I disagree with the people who say this is just for people who show. I got my copy long before I ever showed a PWD. It is, however, a more in-depth study of the breed. For those who just want tips on how to raise a puppy, I recommend Verne Foster's book. For those who want to understand the breed and the background of their dog, get Kitty's book. I recommend getting both!There is an earlier version of this book which Kitty wrote with Deyanne Miller (who made the first successful introduction of the PWD to the United States & worked hard to rescue the breed). You do not need that edition unless you want to see photos of some of the early PWDs that are omitted in the revised edition.
1 ||| I think this book was boring. The only exciting part is the witch hunt. Most of the time they talked about polatics. If they wern't the were cring over petty grevences such as love. This is why this story was boring. The characters were annoying and obtuse, it was hard reading such a disgusting piece of lititure. Kit was such an unintelligent and snooty creature it was infurating to read about. The women were either self-centered or meek, the thought about love all the time. The men disscussed politics like a change would end the world and the men thought women were dirt. Nat and the cat were the only intellegent creatures. The characthers are just lacking perwsonality and intellegence.
4 ||| I watched this movie in the late 80-s. It was funny at that time. I was afraid that with so much time passing it would lose its appeal and zest. I was wrong. It is a classic comedy in the true Gogol-ian style.
3 ||| I can't believe this Great Film Has not been giventhe widescreen treatment it ,and we, deserve.Some extraswould be nice too.
4 ||| While some might object to the overarching psychoanalytic tone, there is a lot to learn and enjoy here as the author incorporates personal experience, anecdotes, research and mythology into her account of the relationship between mothers and sons. I liked her early statement that having a son had moved her from a rigidly feminist position toward one that is more flexible and humanistic. The first section discusses the traits that are uniquely male, and contains chapters on male energy, male role models, male separation and love & sex. I thought this was particularly informative. The second section deals with various special relationships -- shared parenting, single mothers, stepmothers and gay sons. Final chapters deal with the mature relationship between mothers and sons.The author writes from experience and with compassion, and this is a worthwhile book for mothers (and sons) to read.
1 ||| After reading the excellently written and extremely well researched "Alias David Bowie", this book is a farce. It has lots of nice big pictures from the Serious Moonlight tour and that is an acceptable reason for buying it. But the person writing it did very little research, and basically has no idea what he's talking about. If you want to know about David Bowie, read "Alias David Bowie" or even "Backstage Passes", which is written by his ex-wife, and which I really quite enjoyed. If you just want some nice David pics, feel free to pick this book up, though. But don't expect any content.
0 ||| Speaker they sent was a cheap imatation. A real letdown from amazon. They should change the picture.
3 ||| This short essay is really interesting, even if it relies much more above use that humans make of statistics than above statistics itself. You can deceive people by presenting statistical data by mainly two methods: not representative samples and inaccurate calculations, and both are fairly, but not deeply, examined within the text. You can easily realize that the book was written in 1954 (half a century ago!), but it is still a suitable to almost absolute beginners in statistics.
0 ||| I was expecting real life, in depth case studies. Instead I got a rather simplistic view of lean. A lot of the content in the book is real common sense. There is no doubt that lean processes are a must for the company. The book tends to spend 3/4 of its time trying to make that statement, with some high level strategic content thrown about.If you are expecting content such as how companies do VSM, and tactical challenges in doing VSMs you are reading the wrong book. But if you are interested in knowing what is a VSM, and high level overview of how VSMs are done, then this may be the book for you. ***DONT EXPECT TO BE IN A POSITION OF LEADING A LEAN INITIATIVE AFTER READING THIS BOOK***Good book for getting introduced to lean concepts. Not much for those looking beyond concepts.
0 ||| It does make one cringe on occasion to hear about President Bush's malaproprisms. This book offers little constructive or insightful beyond the obvious. Our President is not a gifted speaker, true, but we will get used to it (we got used to President Clinton's lying), even if it causes us to suffer embarassment from time to time. This book provides small arms ammunition for the anti-Bush crowd, and little more of true substance. The fact is, Bush won, Gore failed to steal the election. Walk it off, and don't waste your time on this book.
4 ||| It's my favorite horror movie and now I watch it on bluray it's freaking awesome and I love it even more.
1 ||| This book is far too basic, with information easily found by a quick internet search. Scarce on facts and high on opinion, this book was clearly written with someone unfamiliar with medicine but with marketing savvy.
3 ||| This story packs of heck of a punch. The characters were so vivid, at times I thought they were real. I'm not a Steel fan, but this one impressed me to no end. If you're looking for a great read with lots of emotion packed between the covers, this isn't one to pass on!
2 ||| 3 1/2M83 followed up their popular debut with more airy electro-art, often shining just as, if not brighter in the production department than with actual songwriting, which can lend to partial aesthetic overkill sporadically. With hearts in the right place though, most of these repetitive sound washes of beauty do work, and are moving.
2 ||| I owned these headphones for about 3 months & absolutely loved it. I used it while working out & it fit perfectly. Good sound; felt comfortable in the ears; & quite compact. But as others have noted; it snapped in 2 pieces at the joints. Would not recommend these.
0 ||| Linda Howard's last two books have really been bad, bad, bad!! And, that's a compliment. What happened, Linda?
1 ||| I didn't particularly enjoy the book because none of the characters were likeable and the whole thing was depressing. It is written well, however.
0 ||| This diffuser is not a good fit. It flies off my dryer! I bought it because the item description reads:Fits like a glove on T3 Tourmaline dryer model # 83808. I bought the dryer mentioned and the diffuser to go with it. It Does not Fit!!!!
0 ||| Gosh, what a severe pain to cut a hole in the ceiling, take these things apart and try and shove them up through the hole (for remodel). And the clips that would hold them in place are just not strong enough.I would not recommend.
2 ||| The music here is easily worth 5 stars. But this outdated and extremely incomplete collection isn't.Sure, in 1976, this wasn't a bad idea. But in 2010, you would be much better off buying the 2-CD set "Very Best of the Eagles." It spans their entire original period, 1971-1980, and includes all the big hits. This album seems like a budget release in this day and age simply because more definitive collections have been released since.The Eagles are one of my top favorite groups but to buy this album would be to ignore the brilliant second half of their career -- the half that gave us the masterpieces "Hotel California" and "The Long Run." The 2-CD set from 2003 covers it all, and that's what true Eagles fans ought to have.
1 ||| If Marilyn Monroe did a vocal album with jazz backing, she would have done a better job then the awful Bev Kelly, who makes the talented but vocally limited Blossom Dearie sound like Sarah Vaughan. On this CD of pleasant satndards backed by a good jazz combo, Kelly whispers in her warbly Jeri Southern like voice(Jeri Southern has a good voice, but small), trying to be a jazz singer but talking her way through lyrics in-effectively. This CD is not recommended.
0 ||| Listen once to "The 1812" and you will understand my one-star rating. The 1812 Overture is, admittedly, a little cheesy, but nothing deserves the treatment Bond give it.Classical instruments do not need a dance beat and electrification to be cool. Listen to anything by the band Apocalyptica, or even Godspeed You ! Black Emperor (who use celli)--there is music out there that pushes the boundaries of traditional classical music, and does it well, without resorting to electronic beats and scantily clad women.If you must order this, order Apocalyptica's "Cult" with it, for purposes of comparison.
0 ||| I thought "Prep" did not give an accurate description of what boarding school life is about. It made boarding school seem overly cliche, and a place where only the rich and the elitest are schooled. The boarding school that Sittenfield created is one that is seen in movies, not real life. If Sittenfield spent more time at boarding schools today, she would realize that her description of boarding school is inaccurate, and poor kids who are sent to boarding schools do not automatically become outcasts. A reader might enjoy this book if he/she has never been to or heard of a boarding school; if the reader has, he/she will find it ridiculous.
4 ||| I was so glad to finally find this type of soap for my husband. They had stopped carrying it at all of the stores close to where we live. My husband loves this soap and I will be purchasing it again through amazon.com. Thank you so much.
3 ||| Is it just me or did Oasis just keep getting better and better? I always thought the first two albums were a lit...tle....bit overrated, to be honest. I liked them initially but the poor audio and the hype was just too much. Other than Champaign Supernova, of course. Then they unleashed Heathen Chemistry and Don't Believe the Truth. I just finished listening to both for the first time. Like any Oasis album, they are spotty. But the high points are so darn good. I don't know why people dissed these guys after WTSMG. This is extremely high quality MODERN pop. I promise you will not walk away from either not wanting to hit replay. I know... I was surprised too.
3 ||| Instructs on the role of heroes as a driving force in society. Worth while for those interested in the big picture of human events.
3 ||| This is a fast, fun, novel that would be perfect anytime you are looking for that somewhat mindless read (vacation, sick in bed, etc). You will laugh guaranteed, and if you are of an age to have any lingering romantic memories about Davy Jones of the Monkees, you will love it.
1 ||| I kept getting an error message when trying to install it. I ended up having to return it unfortunately. sorry
3 ||| Having written fiction since I was 7 (that's 80 years ago), I am impressed by what this young man has achieved. It's not great literature, nor even particularly original, but it's an excellent start. I couldn't have done as well at his age; and I'm a dam' good writer.
0 ||| This book is chock full of arrogant, racist nonsense. No compelling evidence is provided to back up radical claims that purport to relieve colonial guilt but instead implicate the ravages of colonialism more vividly(read between the lines, of course).
0 ||| Unfortunately, the screenwriter completely changed the story of Under the Tuscan Sun. True, the main character did buy a villa in Tuscany. However, this story primarily concerns Diane Lane's trauma of divorce and trying to find herself in Italy. The film has very little about the trials of her renovation of the villa. Most importantly, the film says nothing about the book's description of life in a small Tuscan village and the people who live there. I was very disappointed in the film.
1 ||| The Old Man and the Sea is one of the worst books I have ever been required to read. The first chapter put me to sleep. I found the fishing examples and language hard to follow since I have no interest in fish. The one thing that I found interesting about the book is the way Ernest Hemmingway wrote it as a reflection of his life. Hemmingway, like the old man, had not had much success for a while in his career. The entire story is left free to interpret it how you wish. Fatalism takes place when the shark eats the fish, Endurance takes place when on page 64 it says "He was comfortable but not suffering, although he did not admit the suffering at all." This book is considered to be one of Hemmingway's greatest books. With this stated I might venture to read one of his books again but not for a while. I think that this book would be far more appreciated by someone who is into deep thinking. Myself...I like the point of the story cleary stated.
0 ||| The movie was much less than I expected. I found themovie to be more boring than something that would catchand hold a viewer's interest.
2 ||| I won't go into detail, but this sequel to the sleeper hit pitch black is a bit muddled because of so many characters, places, and subplots simply making it too much, but it does have it's moments(death by teacup). Hopefully the sequel will correct these issues because after that conan ending, I'm curious as to if they have anything special in store.
1 ||| I thought this movie would be something more, but the teaser trailer was far better than the movie! I understood that it wasn't a jump out horror movie, but more of a psychological thriller thing, and still, no good. Maybe the only thing good in it was Catherine Zeta-Jones that neat merry-go-round / mirror room, and the special effects.. I also found the other characters in the movie quiet boring, and the plot confused me until the third time I watched it. But if you like slow-paced movies that eventually end, then this is for you.
2 ||| I really don't remember making this purchase. Was it a download? When was it? I wonder where it went ?
3 ||| I bought this salad spinner years ago and although the spinning mechanism works well, it would be far superior if it had side handles as you have to use two hands to move it with the lid on. Also when the spinner is covered and not in use the plastic off-gasses are pretty strong when you remove the lid between uses. I would prefer a stainless steel of the same spinning quality that also had side handles.
3 ||| A captivating tale of war and love in an eighteenth century setting during the war between England and France. A charming swashbucklimg hero that continually survives impossible odds such as those Hollywood film-makers love. Have fun!
2 ||| You can read all the other reviews; I found them very helpful. I use this on my 12" Aluminum PowerBook G4, 1.5GHz, 1.25 mb RAM. My only comment has to do with the difference in wattage between the Apple 65W rating and this charger's 45W. The lower wattage results in a longer battery charge time. Plus, if you operate the laptop when the battery is dead (plugged in, of course), the computer continually searches for the best power source, switching back and forth between battery and plug-in. This causes the screen to flicker between high and low brightness. When this happens, I let the battery get fully charged before using the laptop.
3 ||| I put my son to sleep for his naps with this music playing. He is just getting old enough to use it for its full potential. I do recommend it if not just for the different sounds. It is a little bit harder to install on cribs that are not the "norm". I have a sleigh bed crib and it had to be put on the end versus the side.
0 ||| I saw so many positive reviews on this book that I just didn't bother reading the negative ones. It sounded so intriguing, but within the first 15 pages I felt like I'd been duped. I will say that the inner story that is set back in Tudor times was intriguing, but the out story was horrible. The writing was stiff and contrived, none of the characters were likable, and in all the behavior of pretty much everyone seemed unbelievable. I would NOT recommend this book to anyone.
2 ||| We received the Megaland playset as a gift for our child. It was easy to set up and connect all the parts and has been enjoyed quite a bit. Our concern was with the 50 included balls. After about 10 min of playtime, our childs hands and face were all sorts of colors--FROM THE BALLS! It appears that the color for each ball rubs off with normal use! To make matters worse, the set is made in China and with all the concern about LEAD in the paints with other products, we can't help but be concerned about ink that rubs off on our childs hands and face. The balls were promptly thrown away.
4 ||| These are a good set of headphones. They are ok at everything, great at nothing. Bass, midbass, treble are all average. Where these headphones standout is when working out, especially running.They allow you to hear just enough to make them safe but filter out most of the noise. But comfort is their biggest bonus. Earbud headphones falloff. Wrap-arounds leave your ears red and sore. Closed ear types absorb sweat, and look odd. These are the perfect compromise. They don't fall out, don't pinch your ear, and they have a canal for sweat to roll down and out of your ear.Bottom line, if you want library headphones look somewhere else. You want a workout set this is your model.
1 ||| ****MAJOR SPOILER****DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW****Before I invested time watching this, I wish I had found a review saying there was a death of a major character at the end. I wouldn't have bothered, it wasn't that good anyway. Maybe this review will save someone. Giving it 2 stars because I've seen abyssal films that only deserve 1-star, and this is not that bad.
4 ||| My dad introduced me to the work of Thomas Tryon. A few months ago he found a handful of books up in the garage that he'd read when he was in high school, and some of Tryon's novels were among them. I cooked through Harvest Home and was very impressed with with his masterful descriptions and breathtaking plot twists/revelations. Then I read The Other... I was completely blown away. You can't miss this book. It's a masterpiece. It's not frightening in a slasher, better-look-over-your-shoulder-type way, but the concept will chill you, without a doubt. It's such a good story, and it's executed so well... It's the best book I've read in a very long time. I would recommend it to anyone who is the mood for a good, haunting, thought-provoking piece of literature. My hat is off to Thomas Tryon... I can't wait to get my hands on another one of his works.
2 ||| After and hour and I couldnt take The Hours anymore and shut it off. It's a shame the movie is so long, boring and moves nowhere. The acting is excellent, especially by Moore.
4 ||| Mest is the Best!!!! I just got there cd and i fell in love with it the first time i listened to it. This is a cd every music fan must get. the songs r kick [behind] and so r the guys. if u don't go out and buy this cd i'm going to MEST you up!!!!
0 ||| The DSM-320 is not ready for consumer use and I'd wait for D-Link to update the server software before I would even consider purchasing one. The current version lacks even the most basic media player functionality and really doesn't do justice to what appears to be an exception device from a hardware standpoint. Current problems with the D-Link DSM-320 include:1. Unable to play more than one song in a row. The player stops after each song on an album. Must build custom playlists for each album in your collection.2. Repeated "Unsupported file format" on standard MP3 files. These same files play on every other mp3 player I own.3. Unresponsive remote - have to hit each button 2-3 times before the entry will register.4. No Divx support.
4 ||| This book should be the second best book in your library. Charles Stanley teaches us the most valuable lessons any believer would want to know and that is how to listen to God. I was on vacation when I read this book, I couldn't put it down.
4 ||| I ORDERED THIS PRODUCT AND WAS RECIEVED IN COUPLE OF WEEKS,IT ARRIVED IN PERFECT CONDITION,AND AM VERY SATISFIED AS IT STATES " TRYIN YOU'LL LIKE IT"!!!!
3 ||| Our daughter is 6yrs old and this is her 1st musical instrument! She has played none stop for the past 3 days and has already picked up the flash cards that came with the guitar. Next are guitar lessons!
1 ||| As an avid reader of horror fiction, I looked forward to reading this author's material for the first time. I was quite disappointed.Yes, it is a page-turner, but a very shallow page turner. I found myself skimming as I hit the middle of it...and once I begin skimming, that's the death of a novel to me.The characters have absolutely no depth. Their various motivations make little sense. Why would a police detective run an obstacle course of insane murderers to find a woman he knew only a few days...risking the lives of people under his protection? Why were three teenaged boys so bad to the bone? So many more inconsistencies and unexplored questions.I seriously doubt I'll pick up another of his books.
4 ||| This excellent collection of one act plays shows Ives' great sense of rhythm, randomly interesting observations about life, and excellent sensitivity towards relationships. I highly recommend it, particularly for the plays English Made Simple and Ancient History.
3 ||| A good air-trip novel. Read it, wish you were Jack, lauigh at the idea of Cruise as Reacher, and pass it on to a friend.
2 ||| My review in on par with most of the ones written below. If you're an avid NFL fan like me, DVDs like this will attract your eye, but wait for the documentary on HBO or another channel.The documentary has a few extras included such as extended interviews, different audio segments of the same play, etc.. but there was so MUCH MORE that NFL Films could have included on a DVD capable of holding this much memory. I viewed the extras that are watchable with a computer DVD player... Nothing impressive, a collection of stats that you could get on any internet site...Not worth it until the price drops... If you're an NFL fan, you'll enjoy what you watch, but it's over quick!
0 ||| This was touted as good with "all dockable ipods"but does not work with Ipod video, etc. I gave it away to someone with an older ipod. There needs to be a slot next to the earphone jack for this to work. Ad is deceptive!
0 ||| I ordered this item from Otis and Claude through amazon and they never sent it to me. I called three times to inquire about the status of my order and was told each time that my order would be taken care of and they would get back to me immediately. I wish they had, but unfortunately they never did. It has been over a month now and Amazon has canceled my order as this seller never completed the order. This experience was very disappointing because instead of following up on my questions and attempts to confirm the order, they just swept me aside and for that lack of customer service, I give them 1 star. I only give them 1 star because this form would not allow me to give them no stars at all.
2 ||| Clancy spends to much time talking about the philosophical points of situations. The story drags along for a lot of the book.
0 ||| Looked good out of the box. However, upon first use, the yellow handled driver broke. The plastic handle cracked while trying to loosen a nut. Then, the 1/4 inch adapter broke while using the ratchet inside the 13mm socket.Not a durable set of hardware to say the least.
4 ||| Mr. Alper has written an extremely readable comprehehsive analysis of the physiological basis of religiosity. This work is comparable to Freud's "Future of an Illusion" in its contribution to the continuing maturation of the human mind. I am using "The God Part of the Brain" in a "Sociology of Religion" course at New Jersey City University with remarkable results.
1 ||| If you're a fan of the NOES series, you'll probably end up seeing this one, but let me tell you, it's the same plot they've been using since the original. It's sad. To the point: to rate this movie is hard, but all you have to do is compare it to the rest of the series, and compared to #5: The Dream Child, it's way better. Don't be fooled, this is still a real bore!
3 ||| I found "The Ship that stood still" to be a very informative & enjoyable book. It is written in such a fashion that it does not deluge the casual reader with incomprehensible nautical terms. It is a reasoned & dispassionate exploration of the Californian's role in the Titanic disaster. There has much partisan literature produced in the past relating to the conduct of Captain Lord. This book does not descend into partiality.
2 ||| The tv commercial for Triple Play 2001 is deceiving; it shows Ken Griffey, Jr. hitting a homerun while wearing a Reds jersey, unfortunately, on the PlayStation version, he's still a Mariner and you have to trade for him. This is minor, but it matters if you're a hardcore enthusiast. Also, despite what you hear, the graphics are not nearly as good as they were in Triple Play 2000; they are now more cartoonish, and the signature batting styles for certain players is missing in this latest version. Also, it is much harder to control your fielders when you're on defense; balls hit up the middle or to the outfield that should be easy to reach, are not. And, like with other Triple Plays, striking out the computer controlled players is very difficult. Still, despite it's many flaws, the Triple Play series is the best there is. So if you're dying to play a baseball game on your PC or PlayStation, this is as good as it gets.
0 ||| Pure waste of money. It sells as a "documentation" but is nothing but a big huge lie. If there was common sense on this earth that guy should have his Oscar revoked.
0 ||| I consider myself to be a pretty open movie watcher. I enjoy watching period style movies. I even thought the movie Black Night was pretty entertaining. This movie was just a bad movie. Not even bad in a funny way. If you make a movie about people in the Renaissance period, you don't have crowds singing "we will rock you", and doing ghetto dances. The story, in itself, is hard to digest on it's own... and has been done before... many times over... and better. It's your standard happy-feely random kid goes from rags to riches doing what he loves to do with the help of a couple other down-and-out characters who end up being miracle workers with ingenuity. There is absolutely no historical truth in this movie, and apparently no research done at all to even make it seem somewhat believable.Bottom line is, save your money. This movie is not worth the time it takes to watch it.
4 ||| HOW AWESOME - I CERTAINLY HOPE THEY DO MORE, I SAW THEY AT A CONCERT AND WAS TOTALLY BLOWN AWAY AND WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THIS CD TO LISTEN TO AND SHARE WITH MY FIREND, I BOUGHT THREE OF THEM!
1 ||| I like big screen movies and this a big screen movie. So many movies today could be seen on TV without detracting from the movie. So why go to the movies? You go to get an experience not available in your living room. Star Wars on TV is OK, but Star Wars on the big screen with Tie fighters coming at you is an experience. In this movie, when it does things right, you feel the waves crashing into you and the wind howling around you. You shudder as another cannon ball hits. The movie doesn't do this enough however. Too much time is spent on Russell Crowe without first investing us in his character. It should either be about Russell Crowe's character or about the sea and his ship. Given the potential to be a grand big screen movie, it should have been the latter. I came away disappointed because of wasted potential.
4 ||| When I usually buy CDs, there are only a few songs that i like enough to listen to and it feels like ive wasted money..All the songs on this t.a.t.u. cd are great and worth listening to over and over again. They are my favorite music group and their talent is evident on this entire album. This is a great cd for teens as well as anyone into the rock/pop scene. If you like groups who push the envelope, t.a.t.u. is the group for you!!
4 ||| I have been telling my friends to read it, and loaning my copy to other friends. I read it in three intense days, and it changed my life. (Only because I was ready to hear the messages it held, mind you) It is a slap in the face if you have never thought these things, and it is a refreshing reminder if you have. I will never forget this image: (not a direct quote) If you can remember that you are the sky, not the clouds, then you will be separate from the stress. All any of us need ever do is shift our focus. Which is why I am an optimist, idealist, dreamer, philosopher, psychologist, without picking apart and killing the subjects and objects. I hope the world is ready for this.
3 ||| Ethan Frome is a compelling mysterious tale that takes you back to the days when Ethan Frome was in his early 20's. The book unfolds into a story aimed to explain the cause of a horrific accident. Although this book was captivating, some parts were lacking especially the ending.
2 ||| Colonel Childers (Samuel Jackson) is ordered to go to US embassy in Yemen together with his marines with a peacekeeping mission where he breaks the rules of engagement and gunnes down around 83 unarmed civilians many of them children and women. The words he used ordering his men to open fire was "Waste the m.......rs."In the court he says "Innocent people probably died. Innocent people always die."This sentence in my opinion is a superb brainwash that enters your brain and you do not even recognize it. Because he uses the word "die" where you may as well use "kill, slaughter" etc instead.What happens in the end?Well watch and see..
4 ||| Great for the Price, and I was given excellent customer service when I reported that the gloves showed to have been received they offered to replace free of charge, they didn't have to because I finally received them a few days later. great seller.
1 ||| Though the musica has mucho potencial'...la qualita de recording es terrible'! Save your money....or buy it from me for dirt cheap, mi amigo/a !
3 ||| This book is perhaps not well named. It is NOT about spooky spectacular Halloween parties. You won't find creative decorating and innovative costume ideas. Rather it is a nice recipe book for adult dinners, fun cocktails, and elegant place settings for a seasonal supper party. It isn't a one-shop top for your Halloween party ideas, but I really like some of their magical spell ideas, and their fun dinner and drink recipes.
3 ||| very good movie, must have on blu ray. although mine was skipping on my ps3 for some reason. amazon was excellent in their customer service replacing the order.
1 ||| This cooling fan worked for about 6 months before the USB power cable frayed and it developed cracks in the plastic. I wouldn't recommend it if you're going to be messing with the cord much.
0 ||| This book was quite possibly the worst book i've ever had to read. No wait, the worst ever was The Pearl! What is wrong with Steinbeck? Why does he feel he needs to kill main characters? I would seriously recomend that you never read this book ever. If you have to for highschool, I feel extremely sorry for you. In cnclusion I just have to say George, just let Lennie tend the Frickin' rabbits and Kino, throw the pearl away already!
3 ||| The first section on weather proverbs was great fun. I have experienced the truth of these sayings in many places I have lived. I was interested in the start of the seasons from a weather point of view, rather than from a astronomy viewpoint. The second and third parts were on meteorlogy and lightning. These parts were complete with charts and graphics, but I found the reading to be tough sledding in July. Nevertheless, I now have a healthy respect for the TV weather persons and how they come up with their forecasts.
3 ||| Interesting characters with good background stories. Good story progression. I would recommend this as a whole series for the adventure that it is.
0 ||| i purchased this edition expressly because it claimed to be easily searchable. When I downloaded it to my Kindle, I discovered this was falsely advertised. I am very disappointed in this purchase.
2 ||| I ordered this for my daughter and when I gave it to her, the movie inside was actually Bad Boys Part I. She did not get part II. So, was a little disappointed in that but she likes Part I too. The movie plays well and is in good condition. So, happy with product other than the fact that it is the wrong movie.
4 ||| I would highly recommend this to any Tull fan who also loves Christmas! It was hard putting it away with the decorations after the holidays!
0 ||| I don't know if this is the worst film of the decade, but it's certainly in the top 5. What a let down. I had not viewed this picture before buying the DVD, wish I had, could have saved $18.99. It's even more now! I love GOOD SCI-FI, and this is unbelievably BAD SCI-FI. If you've seen this movie an want to buy it, good for you, but, if you've been waiting for the DVD release to see it, do yourself a favor and rent it first, you may decide it's better not to clutter your collection with this stinker!
1 ||| We usually use the huggies pure and natural, huggies snug and dry, and pampers swaddlers (both older type and the newer dry max). We used another baby's diapers which were these pampers baby dry, and my son got huge rash splotches in several areas. I had heard about parents complaining about rashes and thought it was only a concern for babies with sensitive skin, but in 10 months this was the first time my son got a rash from the diaper. Glad we don't have a box of these around to throw out! I can't comment on how effective the diapers are on wetness and containment since we don't use them regularly.
3 ||| I purchased this cd after seeing Kevin Saunderson and Derrick May do a 4 turntable tag team in Oakland. Before hand, I have always heard many thing about Kevin and about him pioneering the techno revolution in Detroit. That party blew me away, because I haven't heard good deep techno for quite a while and they both used the fader for muting techniques we all love to hear. I was pleased to hear a well mixed cd and some of Kevin's signature scratching methods. All in all, the cd is worth the price and you might want to check out the Video put out for this soundtrack.
1 ||| While Breaking God's Heart is not without some merit, it is a shadow of the band's exciting and innovative first two singles issued on the little-known BoogleWonderland label. Clearly Hayman has been corrupted by the cancer of materialism and, as he suggests, is more interested in buying a house than making music with real integrity.
0 ||| THE GOOD: It was fun to laugh at the story line and try to predict what preposterous event would come next :)THE BAD: What possible good would come from a woman pursuing her husband onto the battlefield during a war? How many times did she interrupt legitimate work to ask where her husband was? Was he the only man in the war?THE UGLY: This character (and the plot in general) proved to be too unbelievable for my liking - Anne would have more common sense than to endanger others lives and her own for a nonsensical rescue mission.
2 ||| Methylchloroisothiazolinone (and) Methylisothiazolinone are ingredients that I am allergic to. My husband had to apply this to the cat, who does not enjoy it. I can't tell if it works, because I can't touch her when she has this on her, and by the time she has licked it off, she has covered herself with saliva...which I am alllergic to.
4 ||| This is by far the best book I have read on what makes societies disappear from the face of the earth while others continue. A must read for anyone concerned with overpopulation and conservation of natural resources.
4 ||| This was my favorite Twilight movie so far. I've got to say, I was a little nervous about this one. With a wedding, honeymoon, and a baby, I didn't think they would be able to fit all of that in a two hour movie. I am completely Team Jacob(Taylor Lautner) but, I also found myself liking Edward (Robert Patterson)in this one. I always thought he was cold-hearted. He showed emotion and he had a personally in this movie. I never saw that before. He was also a good husband. Not to big on having a baby, but he had good reasons. He came around in the end when he knew the baby wasn't a demon, and that's all that matters. It is rated PG13 and comes with Special Features.
0 ||| I don't know what it is with DeWalt but their batteries are very lackluster. I have a charger with tuneup mode and even so, come about a year later they don't hold a charge. I don't feel good about these things being so "disposable" so to speak so I changed cordless brands and ditched all my dewalt 18v cordless for mostly hitachi. Some things, after years of use I decided were just never going to be that great in a cordless version so I am back to using corded saws for many apps. This battery was very disappointing and for the cost of it, i couldn't in good conscience recommend this battery to anyone.
0 ||| I fought off the urge to ram a turkey baster in my ear - but thought an ice-pick might relieve the pain of listening to this CD even more. To call this CD an abismal piece of drivel would be to disrespect things that truly are abismal pieces of drivel. Shucks this is even worse. "The Thunder Rolls" is as overblown as it is insulting to the listeners's intellegence. Garth - your fans can't handle any questions more difficult than 1) where's the beer?, 2) did you gamble away the welfare cheque again, Clem?, 3) if my wife divorses me, is she still my sister?
4 ||| What can you say about a man who is a legend. His book is deep and profound at a level I hope few people ever have to experience. Don't say you never knew. Read this book!
0 ||| The band was far too thin and would roll down my leg continuously. I returned all pairs I bought for a refund. Very disappointing for a Jobst product.
4 ||| This book is truly astonishing. It explains the concepts that lie at the heart of Christianity with amazing simplicity and clarity.I have found it to be a true treasure, a book I am certain I will return to many times over.C.S. Lewis is masterful in his poignant honesty and colourful metaphors.
2 ||| Love the color! But face it, who wants to wear something on their lips that tastes & smells pretty bad? I have to put a strawberry clear gloss over it just to cover that up. But like I said, it is a very nice color though.. and looks different from the bottle color when it's on.
3 ||| I read this book when I was a young boy, as well as the other three books of the series. It looked to me then that it was a girlie book, but I still enjoyed it very much. I think I read it twice. Although the story is very sentimental and it has many morals, it is an extraordinary portrait of life in Northeast US during and after the Civil War. It was still very much a protestant, puritanical society, starting to modernize but still very provincial. The characters are well-rounded, alive and real, and the stories are amusing. It has no specific plot. It is the story of the March family, and it starts when the father is away, fighting on the North's side. The Marches are a respectable and educated family, but they're not wealthy, so the book depicts the troubles and efforts of the four girls, their little successes and disappointments. If you like the first part, you will also like the other three novels, although this is the best.
4 ||| ready.gov says be prepared in case of disaster.This sleeping bag #2 (the second one we ordered)is the final step in our 'be prepared' kit. It's inexpensive, yet, light enough to pack, yet warm enough to be cozy.
2 ||| My wifey begged me to read this one. I guess she wanted to draw some emotionalism out of me. It didn't work. The story was too flowery for me, but although a great author in Patterson.
1 ||| I was dissapointed with this book. I kept reading it in hopes that something really incredible was going to happen but unfortunatly never did. The characters were vague and the story line redundant and ends without closure.
1 ||| If this is the 2nd most publicated book in the world, and it's no longer mandatory reading material, why can't I find a good copy for a buck or two?
1 ||| I am just reading the Hornblower series for the first time and reading them in the publishers order. Hornblower During The Crisis is an unfinished book, seriously unfinished, the main story only runs 129 pages and would have been wonderful if he had finished the novel (the author passed away). Bundled with 2 other very short stories this book really isn't worth the price.
3 ||| I just wanna say that you can't beat this price. I had to special-order mine from the publisher for fifty bucks.Also, this book is a lot of fun (for anybody who likes languages). The grammar and syntax are presented very straight-forwardly and the readings are many and varied. The language is beautiful and just feels good; it always makes me wish I were there. (And if this book's a bit old-fashioned, it's no more so than the sagas.)Gangi r vel!
1 ||| The product was ordered, but not received until a month later. Yes it fell within the time frame, but it should have arrived sooner. I was just disappointed in how long it took to get here.
3 ||| This sequel to 'The Secret' is pretty good but I liked 'The Secret' better than this one. 'Ransom' is a fast read but ends a bit abruptly. The author could have developed Ramsey's romance in a separate novel. That would have justified his charming personality.A new reader would find this novel neat but if you have read her earlier novels like Saving Grace and The Secret, this doesn't stand a good chance.
0 ||| .....I GIVE THE MOVIE 4.5 STARS ITS PRETTY DAMN GOOD....BUT HOW DARE THEY RELEASE A NEW VERSION JUST TO SQUEEZE A FEW MORE BUCKS OUT OR HARDWORKING CONSUMERS???....I BOUGHT THE PREVIOUS EDITION WHEN IT CAME OUT EXPECTING SPECIAL FEATURES AND WAS DUPED...I'M SO PISSED... I STILL WILL BUY IT....GRUDGEDLY...THE "MAN" SUCKS!!!!!!
2 ||| I rented this film well aware of how shocking it might be, but little did I know that it was more disturbing and realistic then I had ever imagined. This very powerful film has almost no plot line, but manages to leave a lasting effect that will stay with you. I would recommend KIDS to anyone who thinks they can handle this brutal film, because it does make you think about your life, and question some of the things that go on in this world. The scariest part of this movie is the fact that this could happen anywhere, and to anyone. The many haunting images are guaranteed to stay in your head for a long time.
3 ||| The music and performance were truly wonderful. No libretto to follow the 3 hours work but will play again soon
1 ||| The stranger is about a man who has no emotion and is indifferent to the world. In the beginning, the man's mother dies, and he doesn't show any feelings. Next, he meets a girl but won't tell her that he loves her. Later, the man kills an Arab on a beach and is put in prison. While in his trial the man is bored and is eventually sentenced to have his head cut off. While waiting for his execution, he tells the chaplain that he doesn't believe in God and never will. The book ends with him in prison, waiting hopelessly for his execution.I did not particularly like this book. It is boring to read a book when the character has no emotion. I also thought that there wasn't enough action and that the ending was pointless.
3 ||| I bought the Garnet & Mahogany colors for a his and hers look. Towels are heavy and soft. Pattern is very nice. I just wish they came larger and that the ends did not shrink. I wash towels in extra hot water sometimes and that is probably why. Colors stayed true. Happy with purchase.
0 ||| I was disappointed with this movie - I was expecting some Kung Fu action centered around a plot, at least any plot. There is no plot in this movie. It's just The Day-To-Day Life In Prison, which soon gets rather boring and one begins to wonder what the point of the movie is. The ending doesn't really match with the rest of the movie - it's like watching two movies in one. Overall, there's not much kung fu action to be had in this movie. There's nearly more gun shootings than necessary and fist-fighting scenes. The dubbing is also the worst I have ever heard. No attempt has been made whatsoever to match the spoken words with the lip action. Sometimes, I wasn't even sure if it was the character speaking, since the mouth was closed most of the time and the tone of voice did not match the character's demeanor.If you need a movie to put you to sleep, this one will do the job.
4 ||| The illustrations really make this book. The concept isn't anything special (try and guess the cat's favorite color), and the story pattern itself is predictable, although I found the ending a sweet surprise (the reason for his favorite color is not what you'd initially expect). Overall, this is a pretty book and that is really one of the biggest criteria's when searching for a children's book (bright colors grab a child's attention, and interesting and unique artwork cut through the monotony) so for that very reason I can recommend this. It is cute and enjoyable and certainly worth a read!
2 ||| The one problem I had with this book was the fact that not only was it OLD, but it covers only NT V3.5, not even a mention of NT4. I was not interested in DOS or W95The info was ok quality-wise, but not anywhere NEAR current.I put it on the shelf after a quick perusal.
2 ||| I agree with an earlier review in that the first three songs are not good and they sound the same. The rest is okay but not great. She definitely has a very good voice and could probably come out with an amazing cd someday, but this is not it. Some of the covers were pleasant to listen to but not one of them touched anywhere near the realm of the original singer's version. I would wait and buy a used copy if you're thinking of buying it.
3 ||| This set is as nice as the many postive reviews have stated it is. I love the non-stick finish and have had no problems with it (but I do handwash these peices -- this takes no time, it is very easy to clean). I have a convection toaster oven that fits a 12" pizza. The reason I have given this product four stars is that the cookie sheet slightly bows dependinging on how long I have it in the oven -- this doesn't happen every time I use it. The muffin pan is great and fits perfectly. If I could change anything about this set I would make the cookie sheet a little larger -- the pan that came with my oven is 9.5 x 10.5 where as this pan is much smaller. Over all a great set for the money.
3 ||| In the world presented by Mr. Bradbury, books are illegal and all books here are from older times, people now hide and hoard them, and if someone is caught with books, their house is set on fire by firemen - the very same people that once prevented fires instead of starting them. Spare time is spent watching TV instead of reading, and the TVs are huge, taking up an entire wall. Some people try to have a TV room (TVs on all walls) for total immersion, which is what the main character's wife wants even though they cannot afford it all. Rather eye-opening and a appropriate commentary on books vs TV.
1 ||| This movie did not hold my interest. I would have liked the beginning to be more about Jane's formative years and what led her to the writing. I thought Anne Hathaway was an abysmal choice for the lead. There are so many more talented English actresses who would have been better. It was like seeing all of the Anne Hathaway-isms rolled into this movie. I didn't buy her has beloved Jane, no spark. With a modified script, less of a fantasized romance-more true to real life would have been better. However gave it two stars for the English (really Irish) countryside and James MCavoy (gorgeous eyes!). Julie Walters was fantastic, as usual.
3 ||| While most dream books focus on the symbolism within the dreams, Sylvia focuses more on the different types of dreams, offering a fresh perspective on dream analysis. According to Ms. Browne, there are five different types of dreams. Release, Wish, Information, Prophetic, and Astral Travel. Within each section, she not only explains what the category means, but also provides examples for them. One of the last chapters of the book contains examples of various dreams submitted by readers, some a combination of two or more categories.While there are tons of books on dream symbolism, this is the first book I've come across that actually helps you to categorize the dream. Since dreams are mostly symbolic in nature and very personal, thereby, a bit cryptic, being able to categorize the dream first is a BIG help in deciphering it.I strongly recommend this book as part of further studies in dream analysis, including Carl Jung's 'Man and His Symbols'
1 ||| I watch the worldwide Formula One Grand Prix regularly and I must say this movie was no comparison, in my biased opinion. The cars just seemed to fall apart too easily - which led to some spectacular crashes, I do admit. I found the whole love story theme pretty boring - especially the (...) who switches between the two top drivers. The only reason I give it two stars is because I thought Sylvester Stallone sounded like Mel Gibson...
3 ||| I'm not a math cripple but I will admit that I have not always been that great when it comes to math. I have recently grown a hunger for science in general, ( including mathematics of course) and thought I should look for a book to help me grasp math from another perspective. I actually read many of the pages in the book and while I did understand the first couple pages , I found myself lost as I continue reading. As another reviewer mentioned , this is not a book for the layman. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who is not that good at math. I guess I'll just keep looking elsewhere to find books on the subject that will help me on my journey to become better at math.
4 ||| we LOVE the classic tv series. this was one of the best. can't wait to buy the rest of the seasons.
0 ||| This is a horrible book! It should be read to inmates who get life imprisonment.
4 ||| Works great. Simply plug & play. I connected it to another 4 port hub that is powered. Everything that I've plugged in works perfectly.
0 ||| I would like to give this movie no stars but it was not an option. Don't be fooled by the indie reviews and look of this film. It is HORRIBLE! I'm a huge John Waters fan and enjoy camp and "bad" movies. Even John Waters would be bored with this one. The director spent too much time on looooong shots and scenes that go nowhere. Repetitive dialogue from the main character also gets annoying. Too bad! The movie could have had great potential but failed at the hands of an un-creative director.
0 ||| Even as an early 80's late 70's movie, this movie is still a very sub par film because it lackes the fear and scare scenes that a lot of this era's movies dish out. Furthermore, many of the characters you only know because they happen to be seen in a few scenes. Other than that you don't get a spooky atmosphere or feel empathy for any of the characters. Poorly acted and directed.
1 ||| I purchased this Style Barbie Head as a gift for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas last year. I was very excited about it, as my little one loved to style, comb and none-the-less rip my hair out in attempts to make it beautiful!! So Barbie was my saving grace! Christmas day she chose Barbie to play with first! After about a half an hour, she had the comb tangled in Barbie's hair, water all over and the stick on nails were in the doll's hair and my daughter's. She was frustrated because the doll's hair was VERY Nappy and hard to manage. Needless to say, I was the one, not "Barbie Bed Head", to get my hair styled on Christmas Day. We donated this doll to our local charity, my daughter willfully handed it over and said to the volunteer: "She isn't very fun for me, her hair is very nasty! But, my mommy said that someone else might like to play with her!"
2 ||| Don't get me wrong, there is some action, but not enough; and there is not enough plot to hold it up. This is a fun one but not as good as it could have been. There aren't enough good lines or plot threads but this is still a rather fun entry in the Pertwee series.Note: In episode 3 (?), about five minutes into it, watch for the doctor to trip over the prop and fall right on his face!
2 ||| I tried a lot to do the initial set up.After lot of trial, I got the router working, but again if you connect throght your LAN, the connectivity setting was lost.To make my net connection simple and working, finally I returned this product back.
3 ||| Trey Parker and Matt Stone push the limits of normal comedy beyond obsurdity and back then beyond where they were before. With great cameo appearances by that guy from "Unsolved Mysteries" and major stars in minor roles like Jenny McCarthy. This movies outrageous plot and fantasy with the creative genius of director David Zuckerman, will have you laughing almost all the way through. You will have to see it two, three, maybe four times to catch all of the wit and hilarity that this movie has to offer.
4 ||| This movie is based on the book by Larry McMurty of the same name. James Garner plays Captain Woodrow Call who was once a Texas Ranger but is now a Bounty Hunter on the hunt for train robber Joey Garza.Every character in this movie is well played by a fine cast which also includes Sissy Spacek , Ned Beatty ( as Judge Roy Bean) and Wes Studi who plays the Native American Tracker Famous Shoes. There are a few unexpectd twists in this film and thankfully it does not have the usual "happily ever after" Hollywood ending. I LOVED the book and I loved this movie.
1 ||| Tass is Authorized to Announce is the Soviet version of any spy thriller you have ever read (or seen on the big screen) - but with the KGB as the good guys, attempting to foil the sinster plots of the CIA. However, Semenov lacks the semantics of say, a Tom Clancy. The plot is razor thin, the anti-semitism is revolting, and the the resolution of the conflict is laughable.While the book is certainly dated, (Cold War intrigue in Africa is so passe), it is an entertaining read if only to see how the USSR understood detente and cold war politics. Other than that, the book is tripe - not recommended.
1 ||| Product reviews are very subjective. Based on the reviews of this boot I hoped for a great boot at a fair price. Instead I found the boot to be subpar in terms of comfort. They shoes were stiff and far too 'roomy'. My feet where floating inside them. I returned them immediately. I've had far more comfortable boots right out of the box.
3 ||| If you are a reader of the Bible, I am sure there area questions that arise about what was going on in the world around Jesus and his disciples when they were conducting their ministry. Barkley lets us in on what was happening in the world at this time and how Jesus relates to it. The Sermon on the Mount is made more meaningful and we find it was probably more than one sermon, not spoken all at one time. This is just one of the things I am finding very interesting.
3 ||| Have it paired with my macbook pro and iphone and works seemlessly between both. Pairing directly to the macbook doesnt appear to work too well. Use the analog adaptor it works really well.
1 ||| The bristles on this brush are weak, and permanently bend over after only a few uses. Buy a different brand of brush.
2 ||| from the back cover of the September 1974 Daw paperback editionAlthough Darkover was a world inhabited by humans as well as semi-humans, it was primarily forbidden ground to the Terran traders. Most of the planet's wild terrain was unexplored...and many of its peoples seclusive and secretive.But for Andrew Garr there was an attraction he could not evade. Darkover drew him, Darkover haunted him-and when his mapping plane crashed in unknown heights, Darkover prepared to destroy him.Until the planet's magic asserted itself-and his destiny began to unfold along lines predicted only by phantoms and wonder workers of the kind Terran science could never acknowledge.
1 ||| I am unable to use this product as I intended. I hooked it up properly (for sure) and it was not able to provide signal from one device to another.
0 ||| A fan of both Jackson's novel and the 1963 Robert Wise adadptation, I went to this movie expecting it to be underwhelming. It was worse. In fact, it was so bad, I laughed my way through it (along with the two friends who accompanied me). There are so many digital effects that the house seems alive, indeed, but computer geeks set free with a big budget don't creep me out. They're just annoying. So is the movie. The house shape-shifts, sighs, moans--hell, even the door-knocker gets a reaction shot. Zeta-Jones's leather hipboots manage to out-act her, and Lili Taylor is hilariously bad as Eleanor. ("I've got the save the children!" Wha?) Liam Neeson is even less interesting than he was in THE PHANTOM MENACE, if that's possible. Let's just put it this way: I just sacrificed 10 minutes of my time to write this review so that you won't waste 1 hour and 40 minutes of yours on this film.
1 ||| It's a reflex hammer, but it's not like the picture, It is a textured rubber and the colors don't match at all.
0 ||| A lot of hype surrounded the opening of this film in Louisiana, as it was both filmed and set here (even though Robert Penn Warren's book wasn't set in any particular state). The story, of course, parallels the political life of Louisiana's "Kingfish", Huey Long. Just in case we couldn't figure that out, Longalike populist Willie Stark sings Long's theme song "Every Man a King", and the final scene plays out on the bronze map of Louisiana that's set in the floor of the State Capitol. Louisiana history notwithstanding, the movie is a dreadful bore, almost all shot in half-light, and mused rather than spoken by the actors other than Sean Penn, who senses the great overacting possibilities inherent in playing Stark. Some here in Louisiana said that the style was true to Warren's downbeat book Others, including a Warren scholar and my 13-year old daughter, shared my opinion.
3 ||| This is less of one cohesive story and more short vignettes that tie into one novel. For a long drive where one is falling asleep and waking up again this was a good thing. I did enjoy this audiobook the narrator was enjoyable to listen to but at times with road noise was hard to hear. Precious Ramotswe, the lady detective, was an interesting character and I enjoyed listening to a story that was set outside of the United States.Botswana where the story was set played a big role in the stories. Some of the vignettes where very specific to Africa and couldn't happen anyplace else. Witch doctor's and corruption cases are solved by Romotswe in often funny and satisfying ways that don't seem to be a stretch of reality in the slightest.I would recommend this novel to those that want something to listen to on a drive.
4 ||| What's not to like about these movies. My kids still love them, even as teenagers. They like to watch them over and over.
4 ||| If you're expecting to reminisce over the old RS tunes of the 80's, this CD won't help you; however, if you've always enjoyed this man's musical range of raw emotions and songwriting and guitar talents, you will defintely appreciate this compilation. I've got four words that sum it up: "This CD kicks @$$!" I was fortunate to hear a few of these songs at RS's last concert in Kansas City, so when I saw the announcement that his new CD was being released, I jumped online to Amazon and bought my copy immediately. CAN'T WAIT for his return!!I'm anticipating a few hits already... "Idontwantanythingfromyou"... "Will I?"... "God Gave You to Everyone"... to name a few. Now we just need to bug the heck out of the radio stations to get these on the air.
1 ||| The tape was in bad condition. Mainly the first part was very difficult to watch. I hope that I will be able ta rate better other tapes.Umbert
1 ||| Well, I'm on my second day and I don't think I can tolerate the fish taste, so will have to just get regular flax oil to help with my lasik induced dry eyes.
0 ||| Best I can figure this Jane Auston womanstoll the plot of Clueless and rote a book.Too many coincidences to make me believeanything else. Why Alecia Sivlerstonedoesn't sue Jane Austin is beyond me!
2 ||| Maybe there is too much to Perl to squeeze into one tiny guide? Maybe Perl can't be organized like that? For whatever reason, I find Learning Perl (another great O'Reilly book) to be the perfect "Pocket" reference, even though it's a standard book. This Pocket reference is too small to be of any real use, unlike many of their other Pocket references.
3 ||| Don't let the title mislead you... The book is indeed about beauty, but also about contradictions, love, cheating, family. Two completely different men, one liberal the other conservative. Their families. But are they really so different? A book not boring at all and that, in the end, really is 'on beauty'.
0 ||| This is exactly the type of movie I'm trying to avoid. I have no idea how I came into possession of this but keep it far away from me.
2 ||| To my knowledge, no other pianist, Cuban or otherwise, has tried to do a remake of Lecuona's own piano solo recordings. I can't blame them, for with incredibly large hands applied to playing his own compositions, Lecuona had an unmatched advantage.Frank Emilio Flynn's effort was noble, and he earns an E for effort, but get the original Lecuona recordings from the 1950's and hear those. One good thing that Emilio's recording does is to keep alive the piano music that was written and performed by Cuba's best classical composer of mid 20th century, forgotten even by classical pianists today, Ernesto Lecuona.
3 ||| It is exactly you see from the picture and description, nothing less nothing more, can't really comment on the quality as only used one out of whole box for a day, but it seems it should long for a few uses.
1 ||| This film is just boring beyond words. All it involves is a boat going up a river and stopping to blow stuff up. There is this guy called Killgore who Sheen (forget the characters name) meets along the way. Sheen needs the support of his air forces but Killgore balks because there is a VC village at the river's mouth. But then, wait for it, he changes his mind when one of the boat crewmen tells him of the great surfing available there. Thats right, soldiers in this film go surfing....And it looks fake as well, you never get the feeling there is a real war going on partly because the acting is rubbish by all involved except for Marlon Brando and Martin Sheen. And everyone looks like they are on drugs. The ending was one of the worst endings I have ever seen and I think it would have been ALOT better if General Kurtz wasn't insane and was a much better adversary.The only thing "horrifying" is how boring it is.
3 ||| In preperation for the upcoming zombie apocalypse I bought this Uranium to give a little extra "umph" to the Miracle Grow that I usually spray on my garden. Being able to garden in the middle of the night was an unexpected benefit of this miracle product. The vegetables started to glow beautifully which made them easier to pick, however some of the little buggers do try to bite me while I'm working. I told my neighbor that he was welcome to anything in my garden not realizing how territorial the tomatoes had become. They didn't recognize him and he lost an arm. Fortunately he gained a tentacle in its place so it's all good.
1 ||| Notwithstanding my wife'e love for Vonnegut and his many successful books I struggled through Breakfast of Champions and finished it without having any sense for what it was about. It was confusing and pointless with no character or plot development.
4 ||| I started taking these for minor ailments, which were prescribed by myself from personal research. I have to say that when I take multivitamins I feel better and this seperate C vitamin and bioflavonoids are great for pumping up the C/anti-oxidants in your diet. This particular vitamin/bioflavonoid combo is especially useful if you don't like to eat fruit. I started taking too many and felt weird so I cut back to only one a day. Various research has pointed to doses as high as 10,000 mg/day (that's 10 grams!!!)for certain treatments, which seems extreme. I was trying 3,000 mg/day (one at breakfast, lunch & dinner) but it proved too much too fast for my body. Start with one a day with your biggest meal and see how that works and if you want to take more then add another at a different meal and see how you feel the next day. I have no complaints about this vitamin and this manufacturer has a good reputation from what I have read.
1 ||| I also began having the incorrect disc problems that I've read about on here. The VCR still works, but hte DVD side is useless. I understand that DVD players sometimes just quit on you, but after not even one year? To me that's a sign on bad quality. I'm giving up JVC after this as well. I'm sticking to Sony or giving another brand a shot.
0 ||| Clancy used to pen a good yarn, though his characters were always undeniably shallow. Loved his tech focus, the thoroughness of his research, and his ability to weave them together.However, Bear & Dragon continues his trend toward political pontification. I'm more interested in how the US acquires and acts upon intelligence gained in Asia than I am in Clancy's views on abortion and the environment. (I can always tune into Fox TV news for a dose of conservative dogma).Clancy has also fallen down on his research: his descriptions of life in China range from outdated to innaccurate to painfully uninformed. As a former resident of Taiwan, China and Hong Kong, I can say there was plenty of room for better research. And he could definitely spare his readers the racial slurs. It's obvious that Clancy, and all his characters, hate Asians. If he can't overcome that bigotry, he could keep it to himself. It would make for a far better read.
0 ||| I bought this game for my wife, and was so ashamed to have gotten such a cheap (NOT) game. I have a top of the line computer WITH the correct video card, and the game still sucks. The graphics are terrible, and moving around takes a brain surgeon, or so it would seem. I wish that I could get my hard earned money back, but the scheisters that put out this game aren't likely to do that since their obvious modivation was profit, and not the unwary customer. I will never purchase another game crapped out be these people.
2 ||| For game fans, this movie is not the same. Bob Hoskins is the firm hero who tries to do his best. But the movie can be far off in Left Field. For the movie fan its just a funny way of looking at things.,
3 ||| This movie is pretty fun. Pretty pointless - the plot revolves around the exploits of failed cop Marvin Mange who has a humungously bad car crash after swerving to avoid a performing seal in the middle of the road and is put together with animal parts by an eccentric scientist . If you have nothing better to do and the opportunity comes up to watch this film, go ahead, I wouldn't bother purchasing it.Incidentally, although it falls in to the wide band of 'gross out movies', it is not actually as gross as some of the more extreme offerings in this ouevre. Probably the most 'obscene' scene is Schneider licking his own private parts. Is that so shocking?Overall - Inoffensive, harmless, fairly funny and mildly entertaining.
3 ||| Title says it all. It is nice, and easy to install. But why on earth something like this costs so much, it beats me? That said, it was one of the least expensive ones.
4 ||| Hello People,I thought that Fahrenheit 451 was a good book. I wouldn't say that it was the best book in the world but it was definetly a good book and you should read it. It isn't your average book that you're used to, it's a little diffrent. Bradbury writes really well and you can follow the story, but sometimes he would just say something and you would have no clue what he's talking about. So then you have to go back and read a couple pages just to figure out whats going on. But above all I would say that it is a good book and even though it's a little diffrent, it's good to give diffrent things a try. :)Peace-out and enjoy the book!!!!!!!!!
4 ||| dEUS rules! just like Zita Swoon (with ex-member of dEUS: Stef Kamil Carlens) Suds&soda is a fantastic song. I like their 3 cd's: Worst case scenario, In a bar under the sea, The ideal crash (out from '99) I should say to everybody who appreciate alternative/rock music: buy al their cd's! They are musts!
3 ||| So in the past I've read many books like this but I just don't have the willpower to finish reading this one. it is still unfinished right now and I have absolutely desire to finish it. I believe the story is really slow paced, I don't see the connection between the two, and the story didn't provoke anything at all in me that made me curious as to how it ended. over all I give this book a big thumbs down.
3 ||| I am a reader of non-fiction, and I guess I never really learned to appreciate works of fiction. I have a hard time applying their relevance to the real world. Every now and then, I attempt to read an "acclaimed" piece of fiction, and the results are usually the same: I feel like I've missed something. I prefer to learn about and ponder the "horrors" of today's reality by reading history and current events. I find there is more history that I don't know but need to. Reality is far more bizarre than anything that Huxley or Orwell can dream up. By the way, I prefer Orwell's work to Huxley's. I found this work to be very light reading and somewhat entertaining.
4 ||| Most Rap CD's only have one or two good tracks on them but The B. Coming will pleasantly surprise you with 8 out of 15. "Feel It In The Air", "Tales Of A Hustler Pt.2" and "It's On feat. Jay-Z" are 3 of the strongest. Another nice surprise on this CD is that there are NO LAME, TIME WASTING, IGNORANT SKITS in between songs. The only downside to this CD is that there may be too many guess rappers for my taste but considering Beanie Sigel's current situation, I can understand the need for callabos. I strongly recommend this CD to any fan of Rap.
2 ||| its the same battery that comes with the phone, no frills. out of the box, took some cycles to get it to hold charges better. has yet to meet the advertised talk times in digital service areas.
4 ||| like what everyone else says. I can't wait till this set comes out.I already have it ordered. i'll do that with all of them.okay the first favorite saga is the freiza saga. ( reason why ) well it has to be the episode (Transformed at last) that is a emotional episode, losing a friend right in front of you. man that's is my favorite part when Goku becomes a SUPER SAIYAN for the first time. But that's not the full reason. this set has the best fight scenes in it.All Z warriors are my favorite. but my #1 favorite character has to be GOKU!. went through all transformations minus the mystic saiyan.enough of that.dragonball z by far the best anime series watched on TV.I'm wandering if thier going to do the same with the original dragonball series?
4 ||| The actors in these films have the opportunity and the audience to make something incredibly unbelievable at least feel genuine, and I'm disappointed that they don't have the ability. CGI and colors are pretty great though, so there was that...
3 ||| This books starts well, dealing with all the qualitative tools, and explains quite well the differetn strategies of coding... except that, this book do not expand one's knowledge in qualitative research... it only introduces the mainframe of the qualitative research.
1 ||| Actually the book was informative for people who want a perspective on dyslexia not focusing on reading alone BUT I think I got cheated by Amazon because I paid $60 + for it and is was a short book and not new and worth only $10 in my opinion and I tried unsucessfully to negotiate its worth
3 ||| I really love this CD. Halley's songwriting and lyrics combine an incredible emotional depth with a powerful rock and roll sound that will blow you away! These songs have a groove that will make you wish you were dancin' in a club when you listen to them. You'll want to listen again and again to catch every word of the soulful lyrics.cerrato@ptechinc.com
3 ||| This movie is about people with real physical deformities playing sideshow freaks-one of whom is mistreated and how the other freaks join together to exact revenge. Plot is simplistic, but the movie is interesting in showing the adaptability of people with physical limitations.
4 ||| I love the Crowes -- best band of the '90's. However, I'm still riding the euphoria of "Southern Harmony" and "Amorica". "By Your Side" is so trite. The lyrics are sometimes "goofy", and mostly simplistic. One song even has "na, na, na" in it. You almost can't believe that the same band that turned out the above mentioned classics, with their soulful guitar, dynamite lyrics, and truly "classic" appeal, could produce this latest effort. It seems like they just "whipped it out in a hurry". Come on guys. Listen to some Zeppelin for a few hours. Watch the Woodstock movie. Even spark it up, if you have to. Then give us something that you'll be proud of in 10 years -- something they'll still play on the radio.
4 ||| The best way to summarize the way I felt after reading this book is jealous! The concept seemed so simple: to voyage the complete length of the world's fifth longest river, yet it is unbelievable that in the 21st century no one had done it before them. I thought all the firsts had been done! This book isn't just about rapids, waterfalls, and man against the elements, it is also very insightful and Angus does a wonderful job of portraying the varied characters that the team encounters in remotest Mongolia and Siberia. This book is a Bryson meets Hyerdhal: it is humorous, interesting and very exciting. Definite thumbs up!
3 ||| This kid has a voice and style, but he needed a better mix of songs and a lighter hand on production for this debut album. Too often, he had to compete with the accompaniment, and this is unfair for a man with a voice as special as Clay Aiken's. He also needed a little more variety in the songs. I'd keep Invisible, I survived you, This is the Night and the title track and then mix it up a little, perhaps with some covers. Still, not a bad first effort - a solid B, I'd say - and I think the world will hear more from Clay Aiken. BTW, maybe he shouldn't dismiss Broadway so readily. It's not a bad training ground.
2 ||| This thing is great, at least until the LCD digits started disappearing. I'm keeping it in the bathroom and apparently the moisture from the shower has gotten into it somehow. It lost 4 segments from the one-seconds place and 3 segments from the ten-seconds place, so far. It's an interesting mental exercise to look at the segments showing and figure out what numbers they might represent, but I'd rather just have a working screen. The timing circuit still works perfectly though. For the price, I'm not really complaining.
3 ||| I bought this power source for a field test. It worked very well and was very handy. I wish the power can last a little bit longer. The charging time is a little bit too long. If you want to use it in consecutive days, the battery won't be fully charged from the second day if you used it up in the first day. Otherwise it is good.
3 ||| I can't really say anything in this really did it for me. After reading all about Yma Sumac's incredible range, it was a little disappointing to find that what she did was a remarkable but weird version of humming. Her songs don't actually have lyrics. There are a few nice numbers here, but nothing really stands out in my mind - Here's to Your Illusions is probably the best number and it's pleasant. I'd say the main reason to buy this one is its collectors value, and Barbara Cook. It probably won't be around much in the future.
3 ||| Vocals, instrumentation, arrangements - for the most part, they're done spectacularly. Neither voice is showing any signs of age. And I didn't realize that Tommy Shaw was so skilled as a guitarist - he really shows off his chops here. Great song selections, as well.My only "complaint" is that they use the all-too-often misquoted lyric from "California Dreaming". They sing "I got down on my knees, and I began to pray" when they actual lyric is "I pretend to pray," which really showcases the cynicism of the song.
